scanners/ssh-scan/README.md, before:

---
title: "SSH"
category: "scanner"
type: "SSH"
state: "released"
appVersion: "0.0.44"
usecase: "SSH Configuration and Policy Scanner"
---

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: the secureCodeBox authors

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->
<!--
.: IMPORTANT! :.
--------------------------
This file is generated automatically with `helm-docs` based on the following template files:
- ./.helm-docs/templates.gotmpl (general template data for all charts)
- ./chart-folder/.helm-docs.gotmpl (chart specific template data)

Please be aware of that and apply your changes only within those template files instead of this file.
Otherwise your changes will be reverted/overwritten automatically due to the build process `./.github/workflows/helm-docs.yaml`
--------------------------
-->

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0"><img alt="License Apache-2.0" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/releases/latest"><img alt="GitHub release (latest SemVer)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?sort=semver"/></a>
  <a href="https://owasp.org/www-project-securecodebox/"><img alt="OWASP Lab Project" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OWASP-Lab%20Project-yellow"/></a>
  <a href="https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?repo=securecodebox"><img alt="Artifact HUB" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/securecodebox"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/"><img alt="GitHub Repo stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?logo=GitHub"/></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/securecodebox"><img alt="Twitter Follower" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/securecodebox?style=flat&color=blue&logo=twitter"/></a>
</p>

## What is SSH_scan?

SSH_scan is an easy-to-use prototype SSH configuration and policy scanner, inspired by Mozilla OpenSSH Security Guide, which provides a reasonable baseline policy recommendation for SSH configuration parameters such as Ciphers, MACs, and KexAlgos and much more.

To learn more about the ssh_scan scanner itself visit [ssh_scan GitHub].

## Deployment
The ssh-scan chart can be deployed via helm:

```bash
# Install HelmChart (use -n to configure another namespace)
helm upgrade --install ssh-scan secureCodeBox/ssh-scan
```

## Scanner Configuration

The following security scan configuration example are based on the [ssh_scan Documentation], please take a look at the original documentation for more configuration examples.

```bash
ssh_scan v0.0.21 (https://github.com/mozilla/ssh_scan)

Usage: ssh_scan [options]
    -t, --target [IP/Range/Hostname] IP/Ranges/Hostname to scan
    -f, --file [FilePath]            File Path of the file containing IP/Range/Hostnames to scan
    -T, --timeout [seconds]          Timeout per connect after which ssh_scan gives up on the host
    -L, --logger [Log File Path]     Enable logger
    -O, --from_json [FilePath]       File to read JSON output from
    -o, --output [FilePath]          File to write JSON output to
    -p, --port [PORT]                Port (Default: 22)
    -P, --policy [FILE]              Custom policy file (Default: Mozilla Modern)
        --threads [NUMBER]           Number of worker threads (Default: 5)
        --fingerprint-db [FILE]      File location of fingerprint database (Default: ./fingerprints.db)
        --suppress-update-status     Do not check for updates
    -u, --unit-test [FILE]           Throw appropriate exit codes based on compliance status
    -V [STD_LOGGING_LEVEL],
        --verbosity
    -v, --version                    Display just version info
    -h, --help                       Show this message

Examples:

  ssh_scan -t 192.168.1.1
  ssh_scan -t server.example.com
  ssh_scan -t ::1
  ssh_scan -t ::1 -T 5
  ssh_scan -f hosts.txt
  ssh_scan -o output.json
  ssh_scan -O output.json -o rescan_output.json
  ssh_scan -t 192.168.1.1 -p 22222
  ssh_scan -t 192.168.1.1 -p 22222 -L output.log -V INFO
  ssh_scan -t 192.168.1.1 -P custom_policy.yml
  ssh_scan -t 192.168.1.1 --unit-test -P custom_policy.yml
```

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=v1.11.0-0`

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| cascadingRules.enabled | bool | `true` | Enables or disables the installation of the default cascading rules for this scanner |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Define imagePullSecrets when a private registry is used (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/) |
| parser.affinity | object | `{}` | Optional affinity settings that control how the parser job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/) |
| parser.env | list | `[]` | Optional environment variables mapped into each parseJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/) |
| parser.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images |
| parser.image.repository | string | `"docker.io/securecodebox/parser-ssh-scan"` | Parser image repository |
| parser.image.tag | string | defaults to the charts version | Parser image tag |
| parser.scopeLimiterAliases | object | `{}` | Optional finding aliases to be used in the scopeLimiter. |
| parser.tolerations | list | `[]` | Optional tolerations settings that control how the parser job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) |
| parser.ttlSecondsAfterFinished | string | `nil` | seconds after which the kubernetes job for the parser will be deleted. Requires the Kubernetes TTLAfterFinished controller: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished/ |
| scanner.activeDeadlineSeconds | string | `nil` | There are situations where you want to fail a scan Job after some amount of time. To do so, set activeDeadlineSeconds to define an active deadline (in seconds) when considering a scan Job as failed. (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#job-termination-and-cleanup) |
| scanner.affinity | object | `{}` | Optional affinity settings that control how the scanner job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/) |
| scanner.backoffLimit | int | 3 | There are situations where you want to fail a scan Job after some amount of retries due to a logical error in configuration etc. To do so, set backoffLimit to specify the number of retries before considering a scan Job as failed. (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#pod-backoff-failure-policy) |
| scanner.env | list | `[]` | Optional environment variables mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/) |
| scanner.extraContainers | list | `[]` | Optional additional Containers started with each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/) |
| scanner.extraVolumeMounts | list | `[]` | Optional VolumeMounts mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/) |
| scanner.extraVolumes | list | `[]` | Optional Volumes mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/) |
| scanner.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images |
| scanner.image.repository | string | `"mozilla/ssh_scan"` | Container Image to run the scan |
| scanner.image.tag | string | `"latest@sha256:d6f41c2c328223931b97a4ae5d35d3bb91b5c8d91871ced3d2e0cde06b1edf1f"` | defaults to the charts appVersion |
| scanner.nameAppend | string | `nil` | append a string to the default scantype name. |
| scanner.podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | Optional securityContext set on scanner pod (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) |
| scanner.resources | object | `{}` | CPU/memory resource requests/limits (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-memory-resource/, https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-cpu-resource/) |
| scanner.securityContext | object | `{"allowPrivilegeEscalation":false,"capabilities":{"drop":["all"]},"privileged":false,"readOnlyRootFilesystem":false,"runAsNonRoot":false}` | Optional securityContext set on scanner container (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) |
| scanner.securityContext.allowPrivilegeEscalation | bool | `false` | Ensure that users privileges cannot be escalated |
| scanner.securityContext.capabilities.drop[0] | string | `"all"` | This drops all linux privileges from the container. |
| scanner.securityContext.privileged | bool | `false` | Ensures that the scanner container is not run in privileged mode |
| scanner.securityContext.readOnlyRootFilesystem | bool | `false` | Prevents write access to the containers file system |
| scanner.securityContext.runAsNonRoot | bool | `false` | Enforces that the scanner image is run as a non root user |
| scanner.tolerations | list | `[]` | Optional tolerations settings that control how the scanner job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) |
| scanner.ttlSecondsAfterFinished | string | `nil` | seconds after which the kubernetes job for the scanner will be deleted. Requires the Kubernetes TTLAfterFinished controller: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished/ |

## License
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

Code of secureCodeBox is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0][scb-license].

[scb-owasp]: https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_secureCodeBox
[scb-docs]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-site]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-github]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/
[scb-twitter]: https://twitter.com/secureCodeBox
[scb-slack]: https://join.slack.com/t/securecodebox/shared_invite/enQtNDU3MTUyOTM0NTMwLTBjOWRjNjVkNGEyMjQ0ZGMyNDdlYTQxYWQ4MzNiNGY3MDMxNThkZjJmMzY2NDRhMTk3ZWM3OWFkYmY1YzUxNTU
[scb-license]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/blob/master/LICENSE
[ssh_scan GitHub]: https://github.com/mozilla/ssh_scan
[ssh_scan Documentation]: https://github.com/mozilla/ssh_scan#example-command-line-usage

Commit message:

Add resources to parser configs in scanners helm charts
Signed-off-by: Jannik Hollenbach <jannik@hollenbach.de>

scanners/ssh-scan/README.md, after:

---
title: "SSH"
category: "scanner"
type: "SSH"
state: "released"
appVersion: "0.0.44"
usecase: "SSH Configuration and Policy Scanner"
---

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: the secureCodeBox authors

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->
<!--
.: IMPORTANT! :.
--------------------------
This file is generated automatically with `helm-docs` based on the following template files:
- ./.helm-docs/templates.gotmpl (general template data for all charts)
- ./chart-folder/.helm-docs.gotmpl (chart specific template data)

Please be aware of that and apply your changes only within those template files instead of this file.
Otherwise your changes will be reverted/overwritten automatically due to the build process `./.github/workflows/helm-docs.yaml`
--------------------------
-->

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0"><img alt="License Apache-2.0" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/releases/latest"><img alt="GitHub release (latest SemVer)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?sort=semver"/></a>
  <a href="https://owasp.org/www-project-securecodebox/"><img alt="OWASP Lab Project" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OWASP-Lab%20Project-yellow"/></a>
  <a href="https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?repo=securecodebox"><img alt="Artifact HUB" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/securecodebox"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/"><img alt="GitHub Repo stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?logo=GitHub"/></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/securecodebox"><img alt="Twitter Follower" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/securecodebox?style=flat&color=blue&logo=twitter"/></a>
</p>

## What is SSH_scan?

SSH_scan is an easy-to-use prototype SSH configuration and policy scanner, inspired by Mozilla OpenSSH Security Guide, which provides a reasonable baseline policy recommendation for SSH configuration parameters such as Ciphers, MACs, and KexAlgos and much more.

To learn more about the ssh_scan scanner itself visit [ssh_scan GitHub].

## Deployment
The ssh-scan chart can be deployed via helm:

```bash
# Install HelmChart (use -n to configure another namespace)
helm upgrade --install ssh-scan secureCodeBox/ssh-scan
```

## Scanner Configuration

The following security scan configuration example are based on the [ssh_scan Documentation], please take a look at the original documentation for more configuration examples.

```bash
ssh_scan v0.0.21 (https://github.com/mozilla/ssh_scan)

Usage: ssh_scan [options]
    -t, --target [IP/Range/Hostname] IP/Ranges/Hostname to scan
    -f, --file [FilePath]            File Path of the file containing IP/Range/Hostnames to scan
    -T, --timeout [seconds]          Timeout per connect after which ssh_scan gives up on the host
    -L, --logger [Log File Path]     Enable logger
    -O, --from_json [FilePath]       File to read JSON output from
    -o, --output [FilePath]          File to write JSON output to
    -p, --port [PORT]                Port (Default: 22)
    -P, --policy [FILE]              Custom policy file (Default: Mozilla Modern)
        --threads [NUMBER]           Number of worker threads (Default: 5)
        --fingerprint-db [FILE]      File location of fingerprint database (Default: ./fingerprints.db)
        --suppress-update-status     Do not check for updates
    -u, --unit-test [FILE]           Throw appropriate exit codes based on compliance status
    -V [STD_LOGGING_LEVEL],
        --verbosity
    -v, --version                    Display just version info
    -h, --help                       Show this message

Examples:

  ssh_scan -t 192.168.1.1
  ssh_scan -t server.example.com
  ssh_scan -t ::1
  ssh_scan -t ::1 -T 5
  ssh_scan -f hosts.txt
  ssh_scan -o output.json
  ssh_scan -O output.json -o rescan_output.json
  ssh_scan -t 192.168.1.1 -p 22222
  ssh_scan -t 192.168.1.1 -p 22222 -L output.log -V INFO
  ssh_scan -t 192.168.1.1 -P custom_policy.yml
  ssh_scan -t 192.168.1.1 --unit-test -P custom_policy.yml
```

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=v1.11.0-0`

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| cascadingRules.enabled | bool | `true` | Enables or disables the installation of the default cascading rules for this scanner |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Define imagePullSecrets when a private registry is used (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/) |
| parser.affinity | object | `{}` | Optional affinity settings that control how the parser job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/) |
| parser.env | list | `[]` | Optional environment variables mapped into each parseJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/) |
| parser.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images |
| parser.image.repository | string | `"docker.io/securecodebox/parser-ssh-scan"` | Parser image repository |
| parser.image.tag | string | defaults to the charts version | Parser image tag |
| parser.resources | object | { requests: { cpu: "200m", memory: "100Mi" }, limits: { cpu: "400m", memory: "200Mi" } } | Optional resources lets you control resource limits and requests for the parser container. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/ |
| parser.scopeLimiterAliases | object | `{}` | Optional finding aliases to be used in the scopeLimiter. |
| parser.tolerations | list | `[]` | Optional tolerations settings that control how the parser job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) |
| parser.ttlSecondsAfterFinished | string | `nil` | seconds after which the kubernetes job for the parser will be deleted. Requires the Kubernetes TTLAfterFinished controller: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished/ |
| scanner.activeDeadlineSeconds | string | `nil` | There are situations where you want to fail a scan Job after some amount of time. To do so, set activeDeadlineSeconds to define an active deadline (in seconds) when considering a scan Job as failed. (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#job-termination-and-cleanup) |
| scanner.affinity | object | `{}` | Optional affinity settings that control how the scanner job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/) |
| scanner.backoffLimit | int | 3 | There are situations where you want to fail a scan Job after some amount of retries due to a logical error in configuration etc. To do so, set backoffLimit to specify the number of retries before considering a scan Job as failed. (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#pod-backoff-failure-policy) |
| scanner.env | list | `[]` | Optional environment variables mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/) |
| scanner.extraContainers | list | `[]` | Optional additional Containers started with each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/) |
| scanner.extraVolumeMounts | list | `[]` | Optional VolumeMounts mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/) |
| scanner.extraVolumes | list | `[]` | Optional Volumes mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/) |
| scanner.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images |
| scanner.image.repository | string | `"mozilla/ssh_scan"` | Container Image to run the scan |
| scanner.image.tag | string | `"latest@sha256:d6f41c2c328223931b97a4ae5d35d3bb91b5c8d91871ced3d2e0cde06b1edf1f"` | defaults to the charts appVersion |
| scanner.nameAppend | string | `nil` | append a string to the default scantype name. |
| scanner.podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | Optional securityContext set on scanner pod (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) |
| scanner.resources | object | `{}` | CPU/memory resource requests/limits (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-memory-resource/, https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-cpu-resource/) |
| scanner.securityContext | object | `{"allowPrivilegeEscalation":false,"capabilities":{"drop":["all"]},"privileged":false,"readOnlyRootFilesystem":false,"runAsNonRoot":false}` | Optional securityContext set on scanner container (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) |
| scanner.securityContext.allowPrivilegeEscalation | bool | `false` | Ensure that users privileges cannot be escalated |
| scanner.securityContext.capabilities.drop[0] | string | `"all"` | This drops all linux privileges from the container. |
| scanner.securityContext.privileged | bool | `false` | Ensures that the scanner container is not run in privileged mode |
| scanner.securityContext.readOnlyRootFilesystem | bool | `false` | Prevents write access to the containers file system |
| scanner.securityContext.runAsNonRoot | bool | `false` | Enforces that the scanner image is run as a non root user |
| scanner.tolerations | list | `[]` | Optional tolerations settings that control how the scanner job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) |
| scanner.ttlSecondsAfterFinished | string | `nil` | seconds after which the kubernetes job for the scanner will be deleted. Requires the Kubernetes TTLAfterFinished controller: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished/ |

## License
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

Code of secureCodeBox is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0][scb-license].

[scb-owasp]: https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_secureCodeBox
[scb-docs]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-site]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-github]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/
[scb-twitter]: https://twitter.com/secureCodeBox
[scb-slack]: https://join.slack.com/t/securecodebox/shared_invite/enQtNDU3MTUyOTM0NTMwLTBjOWRjNjVkNGEyMjQ0ZGMyNDdlYTQxYWQ4MzNiNGY3MDMxNThkZjJmMzY2NDRhMTk3ZWM3OWFkYmY1YzUxNTU
[scb-license]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/blob/master/LICENSE
[ssh_scan GitHub]: https://github.com/mozilla/ssh_scan
[ssh_scan Documentation]: https://github.com/mozilla/ssh_scan#example-command-line-usage
