hooks/finding-post-processing/README.md, before:

---
title: "Finding Post Processing"
category: "hook"
type: "dataProcessing"
state: "released"
usecase: "Updates fields for findings meeting specified conditions."
---

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: the secureCodeBox authors

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->
<!--
.: IMPORTANT! :.
--------------------------
This file is generated automatically with `helm-docs` based on the following template files:
- ./.helm-docs/templates.gotmpl (general template data for all charts)
- ./chart-folder/.helm-docs.gotmpl (chart specific template data)

Please be aware of that and apply your changes only within those template files instead of this file.
Otherwise your changes will be reverted/overwritten automatically due to the build process `./.github/workflows/helm-docs.yaml`
--------------------------
-->

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0"><img alt="License Apache-2.0" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/releases/latest"><img alt="GitHub release (latest SemVer)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?sort=semver"/></a>
  <a href="https://owasp.org/www-project-securecodebox/"><img alt="OWASP Lab Project" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OWASP-Lab%20Project-yellow"/></a>
  <a href="https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?repo=securecodebox"><img alt="Artifact HUB" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/securecodebox"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/"><img alt="GitHub Repo stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?logo=GitHub"/></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/securecodebox"><img alt="Twitter Follower" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/securecodebox?style=flat&color=blue&logo=twitter"/></a>
</p>

## What is "Finding Post Processing" Hook about?
Installing the _Finding Post Processing_ hook will add a ReadAndWrite Hook to your namespace,
which can be used to add or update fields from your findings meeting specified conditions.

## Deployment
The finding-post-processing chart can be deployed via helm:

```bash
# Install HelmChart (use -n to configure another namespace)
helm upgrade --install finding-post-processing secureCodeBox/finding-post-processing
```

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=v1.11.0-0`

## Additional Chart Configurations

### Rule Configuration
The _rules_ can be defined in the `values` of the HelmChart.
The syntax and semantic for these rules are quite similar to CascadingRules (See: [secureCodeBox | CascadingRules](/docs/api/crds/cascading-rule))

To define rules you will have to provide the `rules` field with one or more `matches` elements.
Each `machtes` defines one Rule.
For example:

```yaml
rules:
  - matches:
      anyOf:
        - category: "Open Port"
          attributes:
            port: 23
            state: open
    override:
      severity: "high"
      description: "Telnet is bad"
```

This rule will match all findings with an open port on 23 and override the severity for this finding with `high` as well as providing a new description `Telnet is bad!`.

#### matches

Within the `matches` you will have to provide `anyOf` and `override`.
In the `anyOf` contains one or more conditions to be met by the finding to match the rule.
Notice that only one of these elements needs to match the finding for the rule to match.

#### override

The `override` field specifies the desired fields and values that need to be updated or added if the rule is matching.

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| hook.affinity | object | `{}` | Optional affinity settings that control how the hook job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/) |
| hook.image.repository | string | `"docker.io/securecodebox/hook-finding-post-processing"` | Hook image repository |
| hook.image.tag | string | defaults to the charts version | The image Tag defaults to the charts version if not defined. |
| hook.labels | object | `{}` | Add Kubernetes Labels to the hook definition |
| hook.priority | int | `0` | Hook priority. Higher priority Hooks are guaranteed to execute before low priority Hooks. |
| hook.tolerations | list | `[]` | Optional tolerations settings that control how the hook job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) |
| hook.ttlSecondsAfterFinished | string | `nil` | Seconds after which the kubernetes job for the hook will be deleted. Requires the Kubernetes TTLAfterFinished controller: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished/ |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Define imagePullSecrets when a private registry is used (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/) |
| rules | list | `[]` |  |

## License
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

Code of secureCodeBox is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0][scb-license].

[scb-owasp]: https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_secureCodeBox
[scb-docs]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-site]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-github]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/
[scb-twitter]: https://twitter.com/secureCodeBox
[scb-slack]: https://join.slack.com/t/securecodebox/shared_invite/enQtNDU3MTUyOTM0NTMwLTBjOWRjNjVkNGEyMjQ0ZGMyNDdlYTQxYWQ4MzNiNGY3MDMxNThkZjJmMzY2NDRhMTk3ZWM3OWFkYmY1YzUxNTU
[scb-license]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/blob/master/LICENSE

Commit message:

Add resources to values in hook helm charts
Signed-off-by: Jannik Hollenbach <jannik@hollenbach.de>

hooks/finding-post-processing/README.md, after:

---
title: "Finding Post Processing"
category: "hook"
type: "dataProcessing"
state: "released"
usecase: "Updates fields for findings meeting specified conditions."
---

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: the secureCodeBox authors

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->
<!--
.: IMPORTANT! :.
--------------------------
This file is generated automatically with `helm-docs` based on the following template files:
- ./.helm-docs/templates.gotmpl (general template data for all charts)
- ./chart-folder/.helm-docs.gotmpl (chart specific template data)

Please be aware of that and apply your changes only within those template files instead of this file.
Otherwise your changes will be reverted/overwritten automatically due to the build process `./.github/workflows/helm-docs.yaml`
--------------------------
-->

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0"><img alt="License Apache-2.0" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/releases/latest"><img alt="GitHub release (latest SemVer)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?sort=semver"/></a>
  <a href="https://owasp.org/www-project-securecodebox/"><img alt="OWASP Lab Project" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OWASP-Lab%20Project-yellow"/></a>
  <a href="https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?repo=securecodebox"><img alt="Artifact HUB" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/securecodebox"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/"><img alt="GitHub Repo stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?logo=GitHub"/></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/securecodebox"><img alt="Twitter Follower" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/securecodebox?style=flat&color=blue&logo=twitter"/></a>
</p>

## What is "Finding Post Processing" Hook about?
Installing the _Finding Post Processing_ hook will add a ReadAndWrite Hook to your namespace,
which can be used to add or update fields from your findings meeting specified conditions.

## Deployment
The finding-post-processing chart can be deployed via helm:

```bash
# Install HelmChart (use -n to configure another namespace)
helm upgrade --install finding-post-processing secureCodeBox/finding-post-processing
```

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=v1.11.0-0`

## Additional Chart Configurations

### Rule Configuration
The _rules_ can be defined in the `values` of the HelmChart.
The syntax and semantic for these rules are quite similar to CascadingRules (See: [secureCodeBox | CascadingRules](/docs/api/crds/cascading-rule))

To define rules you will have to provide the `rules` field with one or more `matches` elements.
Each `machtes` defines one Rule.
For example:

```yaml
rules:
  - matches:
      anyOf:
        - category: "Open Port"
          attributes:
            port: 23
            state: open
    override:
      severity: "high"
      description: "Telnet is bad"
```

This rule will match all findings with an open port on 23 and override the severity for this finding with `high` as well as providing a new description `Telnet is bad!`.

#### matches

Within the `matches` you will have to provide `anyOf` and `override`.
In the `anyOf` contains one or more conditions to be met by the finding to match the rule.
Notice that only one of these elements needs to match the finding for the rule to match.

#### override

The `override` field specifies the desired fields and values that need to be updated or added if the rule is matching.

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| hook.affinity | object | `{}` | Optional affinity settings that control how the hook job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/) |
| hook.image.repository | string | `"docker.io/securecodebox/hook-finding-post-processing"` | Hook image repository |
| hook.image.tag | string | defaults to the charts version | The image Tag defaults to the charts version if not defined. |
| hook.labels | object | `{}` | Add Kubernetes Labels to the hook definition |
| hook.priority | int | `0` | Hook priority. Higher priority Hooks are guaranteed to execute before low priority Hooks. |
| hook.resources | object | { requests: { cpu: "200m", memory: "100Mi" }, limits: { cpu: "400m", memory: "200Mi" } } | Optional resources lets you control resource limits and requests for the hook container. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/ |
| hook.tolerations | list | `[]` | Optional tolerations settings that control how the hook job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) |
| hook.ttlSecondsAfterFinished | string | `nil` | Seconds after which the kubernetes job for the hook will be deleted. Requires the Kubernetes TTLAfterFinished controller: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished/ |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Define imagePullSecrets when a private registry is used (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/) |
| rules | list | `[]` |  |

## License
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

Code of secureCodeBox is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0][scb-license].

[scb-owasp]: https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_secureCodeBox
[scb-docs]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-site]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-github]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/
[scb-twitter]: https://twitter.com/secureCodeBox
[scb-slack]: https://join.slack.com/t/securecodebox/shared_invite/enQtNDU3MTUyOTM0NTMwLTBjOWRjNjVkNGEyMjQ0ZGMyNDdlYTQxYWQ4MzNiNGY3MDMxNThkZjJmMzY2NDRhMTk3ZWM3OWFkYmY1YzUxNTU
[scb-license]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/blob/master/LICENSE
