---
# SPDX-FileCopyrightText: the secureCodeBox authors
#
# SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

title: "ADR-0002: How can we introduce a more general extension concept for data processing modules?"
sidebar_label: "ADR-0002"
---
# ADR-0002: How can we introduce a more general extension concept for data processing modules?

| <!-- -->       | <!-- --> |
|----------------|----------|
| **Status**:    | ACCEPTED |
| **Date**:      | 2020-05-20 |
| **Author(s)**: | Jannik Hollenbach <Jannik.Hollenbach@iteratec.com>,   Jorge Estigarribia <Jorge.Estigarribia@iteratec.com>, Robert Seedorff <Robert.Seedorff@iteratec.com>, Sven Strittmatter <Sven.Strittmatter@iteratec.com> |

## Context

### Status Quo

One major challenge implementing the *secureCodeBox* is to provide a flexible and modular architecture, which enables the open source community to easily understand the concepts and especially to extend the *secureCodeBox* with individual features. Therefore we decided to separate the process stages of a single security scan (instance of *scanType* custom resource definition; further abbreviated with *CRD*) in three major phases:

```text
┌──────────────────┐          ┌──────────────────┐          ┌──────────────────┐
│     scanning     ├─────────▶│     parsing      ├─────────▶│    persisting    │
│    (phase 1)     │          │    (phase 2)     │          │    (phase 3)     │
└──────────────────┘          └──────────────────┘          └──────────────────┘
```

By now the phase 3 "persisting" was implemented by so called *PersistenceProviders* (e.g., the *persistence-elastic* provider which is responsible for persisting all findings in a given elasticsearch database). The *secureCodeBox* Operator is aware of this 3 phases and is
responsible for the state model and execution of each security scan.

### Problem and Question

We identified different additional use cases with a more "data processing oriented" pattern than the implemented phase 3 "persisting" indicates. For example, we implemented a so called *MetaDataProvider* feature, which is responsible for enhancing each security finding with additional metadata. But the *MetaDataProvider* must be executed after the phase 2 "parsing" and before the phase 3 "persisting" because it depends on the parsed finding results (which will be enhanced) and the updated findings should be also persisted.

To find a proper solution, we split the topic into the following two questions:

1. Should we unify the concepts *MetaDataProvider* and *PersistenceProvider*?
2. How should the execution model look like for each concept?

#### Question 1: Should We Unify the Concepts MetaDataProvider and PersistenceProvider?

##### Solution Approach 1: Unify

Both "modules" are "processing" the security findings, which were generated in the phase 2 "parsing", but there is one major difference between them:

- a *PersistenceProvider* is processing the findings **read only**, and
- a *MetaDataProvider* is processing the findings **read and write**.

There is a similar concept in Kubernetes called [AdmissionController](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/), but with the exception that the will be executed before a resource is created.

There are two variants of *AdmissionControllers*:

1. *ValidatingWebhookConfiguration*: **read only**, **executed last**; and
2. *MutatingWebhookConfiguration*: **read and write**, **executed first**.

We could do a similar thing and introduce CRD which allows to execute "custom code" (depends on the second question) after a scan has completed (meaning both phases "scan" and "parsing" were done). Some
name ideas:

- *ScanHooks*
- *ScanCompletionHooks*
- *FindingProcessors*

These could be implemented with a `type` attribute, which declares if they are **read only** or **read and write**.

The *secureCodeBox operator* would process all these CRDs in the namespace of the scan and execute the **read and write** ones first in serial only one at a time to avoid write conflicts and then the **read only** ones in parallel.

```yml
apiVersion: execution.securecodebox.io/v1
kind: ScanCompletionHook
metadata:
  name: my-metadata
spec:
  type: ReadAndWrite
  # If implemented like the current persistence provider
  image: my-metadata:v2.0.0
```

The Execution Flow would then look something like this:

```text
                                                                                                           ┌ ReadOnly─Hooks─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─
                                              ┌ ReadAndWriteHooks ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─        ┌────────────────────────────────┐ │
                                                ┌───────────────────────┐                            │  ┌──┼▶│  Elastic PersistenceProvider   │
┌──────────────────┐   ┌──────────────────┐   │ │ ReadAndWrite Hook #1  │  ┌───────────────────────┐    │    └────────────────────────────────┘ │
│       Scan       ├──▶│     Parsing      │────▶│  "MyMetaDataProvider" ├─▶│ ReadAndWrite Hook #2  │─┼──┤  │ ┌────────────────────────────────┐
└──────────────────┘   └──────────────────┘   │ └───────────────────────┘  └───────────────────────┘    └───▶│ DefectDojo PersistenceProvider │ │
                                               ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ┘     │ └────────────────────────────────┘
                                                                                                            ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ┘
```

###### Pros

- Only one implementation.
- Pretty generic to expand and test out new ideas without having to modify the *secureCodeBox operator*.

###### Cons

- Possibly an "over-abstraction".
- Need to refactor the *persistence-elastic* provider.
- The "general implementation" will be harder than the individual ones.

##### Solution Approach 2: Keep Split between Persistence Provider and MetaData Provider

Keep *PersistenceProvider* as they are and introduce new *MetaDataProvider* CRD which gets executed before the *PersistenceProviders* by the *\_secureCodeBox operator*.

```text
                                                                                                           ┌ Persistence Provider─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─
                                              ┌ MetaData Provider ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─        ┌────────────────────────────────┐ │
                                                ┌───────────────────────┐                            │  ┌──┼▶│  Elastic PersistenceProvider   │
┌──────────────────┐   ┌──────────────────┐   │ │ ReadAndWrite Hook #1  │  ┌───────────────────────┐    │    └────────────────────────────────┘ │
│       Scan       ├──▶│     Parsing      │────▶│ "MyMetaDataProvider"  ├─▶│ ReadAndWrite Hook #2  │─┼──┤  │ ┌────────────────────────────────┐
└──────────────────┘   └──────────────────┘   │ └───────────────────────┘  └───────────────────────┘    └───▶│ DefectDojo PersistenceProvider │ │
                                               ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ┘     │ └────────────────────────────────┘
                                                                                                            ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ┘
```

###### Pros

- Quicker to implement.
- Might be worth it to have a separate concept for it.

###### Cons

- Not sure if it worth to introduce a new CRD for everything,
  especially when it’s conceptually pretty close to to something already existing.

#### Question 2: How Should the Execution Model Look like for Each Concept?

##### Solution Approach 1: Like the Persistence Provider

Basically a docker container which process findings takes two arguments:

1. A pre-defined URL to download the findings from.
2. A pre-defined URL to upload the modified findings to.

Examples:

- NodeJS: `node my-metadata.js "https://storage.googleapi.com/..." "https://storage.googleapi.com/..."`
- Java: `java my-metadata.jar "https://storage.googleapi.com/..." "https://storage.googleapi.com/..."`
- Golang: `./my-metadata "https://storage.googleapi.com/..." "https://storage.googleapi.com/..."`

###### Pros

- One liner with the current implementations.
- Code overhead / wrapper code is pretty minimal.
- Zero scale: no resource costs when nothing is running.

##### Cons

- May results in too many Kubernetes jobs.
  - Resource blocking on finished resources.
  - `ttlAfterFinished` enabled.
- Container runtime overhead (especially time).

##### Solution Approach 2: A WebHooks Like Concept

Analog to kubernetes webhooks: HTTP server receiving findings and returning results.

##### Pros

- Milliseconds instead of seconds for processing.
- No overhead for container Creation.
- No additional kubernetes jobs needed.

##### Cons

- Introduces new running services which needs to be maintained and have uptime.
- Code overhead / boilerplate (Can be mitigated by an SDK).
- Debugging of individual *MetaDataProvider* is harder than a single service which handles everything.
- Introduces "new"cConcept.
- Certificate management for webhook services (`cert-manager` required by default?).
- Scaling for systems with lots of load could be a problem.
- One service per namespace (multiple tenants) needed → results in many running active services which is resource consuming.

## Decision

Regarding question 1 it seems that both solution approaches are resulting in the same execution model. We decided to implement solution approach 1 and unify both concepts into a more general concept with the name *hook concept*. Therefore we exchange the existing name *PersistenceProvider* for phase 3 in the execution model with a more general term *processing*:

```text
┌──────────────────┐          ┌──────────────────┐          ┌──────────────────┐
│    scanning      ├─────────▶│    parsing       ├─────────▶│    processing    │
│    (Phase 1)     │          │    (Phase 2)     │          │    (Phase 3)     │
└──────────────────┘          └──────────────────┘          └──────────────────┘
```

Regarding question 2 we decided to implement the solution approach 1 with a job-based approach (no active service component needed). Therefore the phase 3 *processing* will be split into two separate phases named *ReadAndWriteHooks* (3.1) and *ReadOnlyHooks* (3.2):

```text
                                                                                                           ┌ 3.2 processing: ReadOnlyHooks ─ ─ ─
                                              ┌ 3.1 processing: ReadAndWriteHooks ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─        ┌────────────────────────────────┐ │
                                                ┌───────────────────────┐                            │  ┌──┼▶│  Elastic PersistenceProvider   │
┌──────────────────┐   ┌──────────────────┐   │ │ ReadAndWrite Hook #1  │  ┌───────────────────────┐    │    └────────────────────────────────┘ │
│    scanning      ├──▶│     parsing      │────▶│  "MyMetaDataProvider" ├─▶│ ReadAndWrite Hook #2  │─┼──┤  │ ┌────────────────────────────────┐
└──────────────────┘   └──────────────────┘   │ └───────────────────────┘  └───────────────────────┘    └───▶│ DefectDojo PersistenceProvider │ │
                                               ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ┘     │ └────────────────────────────────┘
                                                                                                            ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ┘
```

## Consequences

With the new *hook concept* we open the *phase 3 processing* to a more intuitive and flexible architecture. It is easier to understand because *WebHooks* are already a well known concept. It is possible to keep the existing implementation of the *PersistenceProvider* and integrate them with a lot of other possible processing components in a more general fashion. In the end, this step will result in a lot of additional feature possibilities, which go far beyond the existing ones proposed here. Therefore we only need to implement this concept once in the *secureCodeBox operator* and new ideas for extending the *DataProcessing* will not enforce conceptual or architectural changes.

Ideas for additional processing hooks:

- Notifier hooks (*ReadOnlyHook*) e.g., for chat (slack, teams etc.), metric, alerting systems
- MetaData enrichment hooks (*ReadAndWriteHook*)
- FilterData hooks (*ReadAndWriteHook*) (e.g., false/positive handling)
- SystemIntegration hooks (*ReadOnlyHook*) e.g., for ticketing systems like Jira
- CascadingScans hooks (*ReadOnlyHook*) e.g., for starting new security scans based on findings
