hooks/persistence-azure-monitor/docs/README.ArtifactHub.md, before:

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: the secureCodeBox authors

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->
<!--
.: IMPORTANT! :.
--------------------------
This file is generated automatically with `helm-docs` based on the following template files:
- ./.helm-docs/templates.gotmpl (general template data for all charts)
- ./chart-folder/.helm-docs.gotmpl (chart specific template data)

Please be aware of that and apply your changes only within those template files instead of this file.
Otherwise your changes will be reverted/overwritten automatically due to the build process `./.github/workflows/helm-docs.yaml`
--------------------------
-->

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0"><img alt="License Apache-2.0" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/releases/latest"><img alt="GitHub release (latest SemVer)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?sort=semver"/></a>
  <a href="https://owasp.org/www-project-securecodebox/"><img alt="OWASP Lab Project" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OWASP-Lab%20Project-yellow"/></a>
  <a href="https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?repo=securecodebox"><img alt="Artifact HUB" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/securecodebox"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/"><img alt="GitHub Repo stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?logo=GitHub"/></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/securecodebox"><img alt="Twitter Follower" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/securecodebox?style=flat&color=blue&logo=twitter"/></a>
</p>

## What is OWASP secureCodeBox?

<p align="center">
  <img alt="secureCodeBox Logo" src="https://www.securecodebox.io/img/Logo_Color.svg" width="250px"/>
</p>

_[OWASP secureCodeBox][scb-github]_ is an automated and scalable open source solution that can be used to integrate various *security vulnerability scanners* with a simple and lightweight interface. The _secureCodeBox_ mission is to support *DevSecOps* Teams to make it easy to automate security vulnerability testing in different scenarios.

With the _secureCodeBox_ we provide a toolchain for continuous scanning of applications to find the low-hanging fruit issues early in the development process and free the resources of the penetration tester to concentrate on the major security issues.

The secureCodeBox project is running on [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/). To install it you need [Helm](https://helm.sh), a package manager for Kubernetes. It is also possible to start the different integrated security vulnerability scanners based on a docker infrastructure.

### Quickstart with secureCodeBox on kubernetes

You can find resources to help you get started on our [documentation website](https://www.securecodebox.io) including instruction on how to [install the secureCodeBox project](https://www.securecodebox.io/docs/getting-started/installation) and guides to help you [run your first scans](https://www.securecodebox.io/docs/getting-started/first-scans) with it.

## What is "Persistence Azure Monitor" Hook about?
The Azure Monitor persistenceProvider hook saves all findings and reports into the configured Azure Monitor workspace using the [Data Collector API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/logs/data-collector-api).
This allows working with the data in [Azure Monitor](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/monitor/) or [Microsoft Sentinel](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/sentinel/overview) to configure alerting based on new findings.
It will create a custom log type for every scantype titled SCB_[scantype_name].

Installing the Azure Monitor persistenceProvider hook will add a _ReadOnly Hook_ to your namespace.

## Deployment
The persistence-azure-monitor chart can be deployed via helm:

```bash
# Install HelmChart (use -n to configure another namespace)
helm upgrade --install persistence-azure-monitor secureCodeBox/persistence-azure-monitor
```

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=v1.11.0-0`

## Additional Chart Configurations
The hook requires the Azure Monitor Workspace ID and its Primary Key for authentication. For details on how to find them, see [this page](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/logs/data-collector-api#sample-requests).
Create a Kubernetes secret with these values using

```bash
# Create the secret (use a leading space to avoid having secrets in your shell history)
# Replace "workspace=your-workspace-id" with your Workspace ID
# Replace "sharedkey=your-shared-key" with your Primary Key
 kubectl create secret generic azure-monitor --from-literal=workspace=your-workspace-id --from-literal=sharedkey=your-shared-key
```

Then, configure the hook to use this secret when installing it:
```bash
helm upgrade --install persistence-azure-monitor . --wait \
             --set="monitor.authentication.apiKeySecret="azure-monitor""
```

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| hook.affinity | object | `{}` | Optional affinity settings that control how the hook job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/) |
| hook.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images |
| hook.image.repository | string | `"docker.io/securecodebox/hook-persistence-azure-monitor"` | Hook image repository |
| hook.image.tag | string | defaults to the charts version | Container image tag |
| hook.labels | object | `{}` | Add Kubernetes Labels to the hook definition |
| hook.priority | int | `0` | Hook priority. Higher priority Hooks are guaranteed to execute before low priority Hooks. |
| hook.tolerations | list | `[]` | Optional tolerations settings that control how the hook job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) |
| hook.ttlSecondsAfterFinished | string | `nil` | Seconds after which the kubernetes job for the hook will be deleted. Requires the Kubernetes TTLAfterFinished controller: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished/ |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Define imagePullSecrets when a private registry is used (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/) |
| monitor.authentication | object | `{"apiKeySecret":null}` | Configure authentication schema and credentials the persistence provider should use to connect to Azure Monitor |
| monitor.authentication.apiKeySecret | string | `nil` | Link a pre-existing generic secret with `workspace` and `sharedkey` key / value pairs |
| monitor.logtypePrefix | string | `"SCB"` |  |

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome and extremely helpful 🙌
Please have a look at [Contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Community

You are welcome, please join us on... 👋

- [GitHub][scb-github]
- [Slack][scb-slack]
- [Twitter][scb-twitter]

secureCodeBox is an official [OWASP][scb-owasp] project.

## License
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

Code of secureCodeBox is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0][scb-license].

[scb-owasp]: https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_secureCodeBox
[scb-docs]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-site]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-github]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/
[scb-twitter]: https://twitter.com/secureCodeBox
[scb-slack]: https://join.slack.com/t/securecodebox/shared_invite/enQtNDU3MTUyOTM0NTMwLTBjOWRjNjVkNGEyMjQ0ZGMyNDdlYTQxYWQ4MzNiNGY3MDMxNThkZjJmMzY2NDRhMTk3ZWM3OWFkYmY1YzUxNTU
[scb-license]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/blob/master/LICENSE

Commit message:

Add resources to values in hook helm charts
Signed-off-by: Jannik Hollenbach <jannik@hollenbach.de>

hooks/persistence-azure-monitor/docs/README.ArtifactHub.md, after:

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: the secureCodeBox authors

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->
<!--
.: IMPORTANT! :.
--------------------------
This file is generated automatically with `helm-docs` based on the following template files:
- ./.helm-docs/templates.gotmpl (general template data for all charts)
- ./chart-folder/.helm-docs.gotmpl (chart specific template data)

Please be aware of that and apply your changes only within those template files instead of this file.
Otherwise your changes will be reverted/overwritten automatically due to the build process `./.github/workflows/helm-docs.yaml`
--------------------------
-->

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0"><img alt="License Apache-2.0" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/releases/latest"><img alt="GitHub release (latest SemVer)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?sort=semver"/></a>
  <a href="https://owasp.org/www-project-securecodebox/"><img alt="OWASP Lab Project" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OWASP-Lab%20Project-yellow"/></a>
  <a href="https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?repo=securecodebox"><img alt="Artifact HUB" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/securecodebox"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/"><img alt="GitHub Repo stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?logo=GitHub"/></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/securecodebox"><img alt="Twitter Follower" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/securecodebox?style=flat&color=blue&logo=twitter"/></a>
</p>

## What is OWASP secureCodeBox?

<p align="center">
  <img alt="secureCodeBox Logo" src="https://www.securecodebox.io/img/Logo_Color.svg" width="250px"/>
</p>

_[OWASP secureCodeBox][scb-github]_ is an automated and scalable open source solution that can be used to integrate various *security vulnerability scanners* with a simple and lightweight interface. The _secureCodeBox_ mission is to support *DevSecOps* Teams to make it easy to automate security vulnerability testing in different scenarios.

With the _secureCodeBox_ we provide a toolchain for continuous scanning of applications to find the low-hanging fruit issues early in the development process and free the resources of the penetration tester to concentrate on the major security issues.

The secureCodeBox project is running on [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/). To install it you need [Helm](https://helm.sh), a package manager for Kubernetes. It is also possible to start the different integrated security vulnerability scanners based on a docker infrastructure.

### Quickstart with secureCodeBox on kubernetes

You can find resources to help you get started on our [documentation website](https://www.securecodebox.io) including instruction on how to [install the secureCodeBox project](https://www.securecodebox.io/docs/getting-started/installation) and guides to help you [run your first scans](https://www.securecodebox.io/docs/getting-started/first-scans) with it.

## What is "Persistence Azure Monitor" Hook about?
The Azure Monitor persistenceProvider hook saves all findings and reports into the configured Azure Monitor workspace using the [Data Collector API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/logs/data-collector-api).
This allows working with the data in [Azure Monitor](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/monitor/) or [Microsoft Sentinel](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/sentinel/overview) to configure alerting based on new findings.
It will create a custom log type for every scantype titled SCB_[scantype_name].

Installing the Azure Monitor persistenceProvider hook will add a _ReadOnly Hook_ to your namespace.

## Deployment
The persistence-azure-monitor chart can be deployed via helm:

```bash
# Install HelmChart (use -n to configure another namespace)
helm upgrade --install persistence-azure-monitor secureCodeBox/persistence-azure-monitor
```

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=v1.11.0-0`

## Additional Chart Configurations
The hook requires the Azure Monitor Workspace ID and its Primary Key for authentication. For details on how to find them, see [this page](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/logs/data-collector-api#sample-requests).
Create a Kubernetes secret with these values using

```bash
# Create the secret (use a leading space to avoid having secrets in your shell history)
# Replace "workspace=your-workspace-id" with your Workspace ID
# Replace "sharedkey=your-shared-key" with your Primary Key
 kubectl create secret generic azure-monitor --from-literal=workspace=your-workspace-id --from-literal=sharedkey=your-shared-key
```

Then, configure the hook to use this secret when installing it:
```bash
helm upgrade --install persistence-azure-monitor . --wait \
             --set="monitor.authentication.apiKeySecret="azure-monitor""
```

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| hook.affinity | object | `{}` | Optional affinity settings that control how the hook job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/) |
| hook.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images |
| hook.image.repository | string | `"docker.io/securecodebox/hook-persistence-azure-monitor"` | Hook image repository |
| hook.image.tag | string | defaults to the charts version | Container image tag |
| hook.labels | object | `{}` | Add Kubernetes Labels to the hook definition |
| hook.priority | int | `0` | Hook priority. Higher priority Hooks are guaranteed to execute before low priority Hooks. |
| hook.resources | object | { requests: { cpu: "200m", memory: "100Mi" }, limits: { cpu: "400m", memory: "200Mi" } } | Optional resources lets you control resource limits and requests for the hook container. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/ |
| hook.tolerations | list | `[]` | Optional tolerations settings that control how the hook job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) |
| hook.ttlSecondsAfterFinished | string | `nil` | Seconds after which the kubernetes job for the hook will be deleted. Requires the Kubernetes TTLAfterFinished controller: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished/ |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Define imagePullSecrets when a private registry is used (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/) |
| monitor.authentication | object | `{"apiKeySecret":null}` | Configure authentication schema and credentials the persistence provider should use to connect to Azure Monitor |
| monitor.authentication.apiKeySecret | string | `nil` | Link a pre-existing generic secret with `workspace` and `sharedkey` key / value pairs |
| monitor.logtypePrefix | string | `"SCB"` |  |

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome and extremely helpful 🙌
Please have a look at [Contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Community

You are welcome, please join us on... 👋

- [GitHub][scb-github]
- [Slack][scb-slack]
- [Twitter][scb-twitter]

secureCodeBox is an official [OWASP][scb-owasp] project.

## License
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

Code of secureCodeBox is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0][scb-license].

[scb-owasp]: https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_secureCodeBox
[scb-docs]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-site]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-github]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/
[scb-twitter]: https://twitter.com/secureCodeBox
[scb-slack]: https://join.slack.com/t/securecodebox/shared_invite/enQtNDU3MTUyOTM0NTMwLTBjOWRjNjVkNGEyMjQ0ZGMyNDdlYTQxYWQ4MzNiNGY3MDMxNThkZjJmMzY2NDRhMTk3ZWM3OWFkYmY1YzUxNTU
[scb-license]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/blob/master/LICENSE
