scanners/kubeaudit/docs/README.ArtifactHub.md, before:

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: the secureCodeBox authors

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->
<!--
.: IMPORTANT! :.
--------------------------
This file is generated automatically with `helm-docs` based on the following template files:
- ./.helm-docs/templates.gotmpl (general template data for all charts)
- ./chart-folder/.helm-docs.gotmpl (chart specific template data)

Please be aware of that and apply your changes only within those template files instead of this file.
Otherwise your changes will be reverted/overwritten automatically due to the build process `./.github/workflows/helm-docs.yaml`
--------------------------
-->

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0"><img alt="License Apache-2.0" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/releases/latest"><img alt="GitHub release (latest SemVer)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?sort=semver"/></a>
  <a href="https://owasp.org/www-project-securecodebox/"><img alt="OWASP Lab Project" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OWASP-Lab%20Project-yellow"/></a>
  <a href="https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?repo=securecodebox"><img alt="Artifact HUB" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/securecodebox"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/"><img alt="GitHub Repo stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?logo=GitHub"/></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/securecodebox"><img alt="Twitter Follower" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/securecodebox?style=flat&color=blue&logo=twitter"/></a>
</p>

## What is OWASP secureCodeBox?

<p align="center">
  <img alt="secureCodeBox Logo" src="https://www.securecodebox.io/img/Logo_Color.svg" width="250px"/>
</p>

_[OWASP secureCodeBox][scb-github]_ is an automated and scalable open source solution that can be used to integrate various *security vulnerability scanners* with a simple and lightweight interface. The _secureCodeBox_ mission is to support *DevSecOps* Teams to make it easy to automate security vulnerability testing in different scenarios.

With the _secureCodeBox_ we provide a toolchain for continuous scanning of applications to find the low-hanging fruit issues early in the development process and free the resources of the penetration tester to concentrate on the major security issues.

The secureCodeBox project is running on [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/). To install it you need [Helm](https://helm.sh), a package manager for Kubernetes. It is also possible to start the different integrated security vulnerability scanners based on a docker infrastructure.

### Quickstart with secureCodeBox on kubernetes

You can find resources to help you get started on our [documentation website](https://www.securecodebox.io) including instruction on how to [install the secureCodeBox project](https://www.securecodebox.io/docs/getting-started/installation) and guides to help you [run your first scans](https://www.securecodebox.io/docs/getting-started/first-scans) with it.

## What is Kubeaudit?
Kubeaudit finds security misconfigurations in you Kubernetes Resources and gives tips on how to resolve these.

Kubeaudit comes with a large lists of "auditors" which test various aspects, like the SecurityContext of pods.
You can find the complete list of [auditors here](https://github.com/Shopify/kubeaudit/tree/master/docs/auditors).

To learn more about the kubeaudit itself visit [kubeaudit GitHub].

## Deployment
The kubeaudit chart can be deployed via helm:

```bash
# Install HelmChart (use -n to configure another namespace)
helm upgrade --install kubeaudit secureCodeBox/kubeaudit
```

## Scanner Configuration

The following security scan configuration example are based on the [kube-hunter Documentation], please take a look at the original documentation for more configuration examples.

* To specify remote machines for hunting, select option 1 or use the --remote option. Example: `kube-hunter --remote some.node.com`
* To specify interface scanning, you can use the --interface option (this will scan all the machine's network interfaces). Example: `kube-hunter --interface`
* To specify a specific CIDR to scan, use the --cidr option. Example: `kube-hunter --cidr 192.168.0.0/24`

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=v1.11.0-0`

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| cascadingRules.enabled | bool | `false` | Enables or disables the installation of the default cascading rules for this scanner |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Define imagePullSecrets when a private registry is used (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/) |
| kubeauditScope | string | `"namespace"` | Automatically sets up rbac roles for kubeaudit to access the resources it scans. Can be either "cluster" (ClusterRole) or "namespace" (Role) |
| parser.affinity | object | `{}` | Optional affinity settings that control how the parser job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/) |
| parser.env | list | `[]` | Optional environment variables mapped into each parseJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/) |
| parser.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images |
| parser.image.repository | string | `"docker.io/securecodebox/parser-kubeaudit"` | Parser image repository |
| parser.image.tag | string | defaults to the charts version | Parser image tag |
| parser.scopeLimiterAliases | object | `{}` | Optional finding aliases to be used in the scopeLimiter. |
| parser.tolerations | list | `[]` | Optional tolerations settings that control how the parser job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) |
| parser.ttlSecondsAfterFinished | string | `nil` | seconds after which the kubernetes job for the parser will be deleted. Requires the Kubernetes TTLAfterFinished controller: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished/ |
| scanner.activeDeadlineSeconds | string | `nil` | There are situations where you want to fail a scan Job after some amount of time. To do so, set activeDeadlineSeconds to define an active deadline (in seconds) when considering a scan Job as failed. (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#job-termination-and-cleanup) |
| scanner.affinity | object | `{}` | Optional affinity settings that control how the scanner job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/) |
| scanner.backoffLimit | int | 3 | There are situations where you want to fail a scan Job after some amount of retries due to a logical error in configuration etc. To do so, set backoffLimit to specify the number of retries before considering a scan Job as failed. (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#pod-backoff-failure-policy) |
| scanner.env | list | `[]` | Optional environment variables mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/) |
| scanner.extraContainers | list | `[]` | Optional additional Containers started with each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/) |
| scanner.extraVolumeMounts | list | `[]` | Optional VolumeMounts mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/) |
| scanner.extraVolumes | list | `[]` | Optional Volumes mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/) |
| scanner.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images |
| scanner.image.repository | string | `"docker.io/securecodebox/scanner-kubeaudit"` | Container Image to run the scan |
| scanner.image.tag | string | `nil` | defaults to the charts appVersion |
| scanner.nameAppend | string | `nil` | append a string to the default scantype name. |
| scanner.podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | Optional securityContext set on scanner pod (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) |
| scanner.resources | object | `{}` | CPU/memory resource requests/limits (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-memory-resource/, https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-cpu-resource/) |
| scanner.securityContext | object | `{"allowPrivilegeEscalation":false,"capabilities":{"drop":["all"]},"privileged":false,"readOnlyRootFilesystem":true,"runAsNonRoot":true}` | Optional securityContext set on scanner container (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) |
| scanner.securityContext.allowPrivilegeEscalation | bool | `false` | Ensure that users privileges cannot be escalated |
| scanner.securityContext.capabilities.drop[0] | string | `"all"` | This drops all linux privileges from the container. |
| scanner.securityContext.privileged | bool | `false` | Ensures that the scanner container is not run in privileged mode |
| scanner.securityContext.readOnlyRootFilesystem | bool | `true` | Prevents write access to the containers file system |
| scanner.securityContext.runAsNonRoot | bool | `true` | Enforces that the scanner image is run as a non root user |
| scanner.tolerations | list | `[]` | Optional tolerations settings that control how the scanner job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) |
| scanner.ttlSecondsAfterFinished | string | `nil` | seconds after which the kubernetes job for the scanner will be deleted. Requires the Kubernetes TTLAfterFinished controller: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished/ |

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome and extremely helpful 🙌
Please have a look at [Contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Community

You are welcome, please join us on... 👋

- [GitHub][scb-github]
- [Slack][scb-slack]
- [Twitter][scb-twitter]

secureCodeBox is an official [OWASP][scb-owasp] project.

## License
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

Code of secureCodeBox is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0][scb-license].

[scb-owasp]: https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_secureCodeBox
[scb-docs]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-site]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-github]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/
[scb-twitter]: https://twitter.com/secureCodeBox
[scb-slack]: https://join.slack.com/t/securecodebox/shared_invite/enQtNDU3MTUyOTM0NTMwLTBjOWRjNjVkNGEyMjQ0ZGMyNDdlYTQxYWQ4MzNiNGY3MDMxNThkZjJmMzY2NDRhMTk3ZWM3OWFkYmY1YzUxNTU
[scb-license]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/blob/master/LICENSE
[kubeaudit GitHub]: https://github.com/Shopify/kubeaudit/

Commit message:

Add resources to parser configs in scanners helm charts
Signed-off-by: Jannik Hollenbach <jannik@hollenbach.de>

scanners/kubeaudit/docs/README.ArtifactHub.md, after:

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: the secureCodeBox authors

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->
<!--
.: IMPORTANT! :.
--------------------------
This file is generated automatically with `helm-docs` based on the following template files:
- ./.helm-docs/templates.gotmpl (general template data for all charts)
- ./chart-folder/.helm-docs.gotmpl (chart specific template data)

Please be aware of that and apply your changes only within those template files instead of this file.
Otherwise your changes will be reverted/overwritten automatically due to the build process `./.github/workflows/helm-docs.yaml`
--------------------------
-->

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0"><img alt="License Apache-2.0" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/releases/latest"><img alt="GitHub release (latest SemVer)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?sort=semver"/></a>
  <a href="https://owasp.org/www-project-securecodebox/"><img alt="OWASP Lab Project" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OWASP-Lab%20Project-yellow"/></a>
  <a href="https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?repo=securecodebox"><img alt="Artifact HUB" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/securecodebox"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/"><img alt="GitHub Repo stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?logo=GitHub"/></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/securecodebox"><img alt="Twitter Follower" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/securecodebox?style=flat&color=blue&logo=twitter"/></a>
</p>

## What is OWASP secureCodeBox?

<p align="center">
  <img alt="secureCodeBox Logo" src="https://www.securecodebox.io/img/Logo_Color.svg" width="250px"/>
</p>

_[OWASP secureCodeBox][scb-github]_ is an automated and scalable open source solution that can be used to integrate various *security vulnerability scanners* with a simple and lightweight interface. The _secureCodeBox_ mission is to support *DevSecOps* Teams to make it easy to automate security vulnerability testing in different scenarios.

With the _secureCodeBox_ we provide a toolchain for continuous scanning of applications to find the low-hanging fruit issues early in the development process and free the resources of the penetration tester to concentrate on the major security issues.

The secureCodeBox project is running on [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/). To install it you need [Helm](https://helm.sh), a package manager for Kubernetes. It is also possible to start the different integrated security vulnerability scanners based on a docker infrastructure.

### Quickstart with secureCodeBox on kubernetes

You can find resources to help you get started on our [documentation website](https://www.securecodebox.io) including instruction on how to [install the secureCodeBox project](https://www.securecodebox.io/docs/getting-started/installation) and guides to help you [run your first scans](https://www.securecodebox.io/docs/getting-started/first-scans) with it.

## What is Kubeaudit?
Kubeaudit finds security misconfigurations in you Kubernetes Resources and gives tips on how to resolve these.

Kubeaudit comes with a large lists of "auditors" which test various aspects, like the SecurityContext of pods.
You can find the complete list of [auditors here](https://github.com/Shopify/kubeaudit/tree/master/docs/auditors).

To learn more about the kubeaudit itself visit [kubeaudit GitHub].

## Deployment
The kubeaudit chart can be deployed via helm:

```bash
# Install HelmChart (use -n to configure another namespace)
helm upgrade --install kubeaudit secureCodeBox/kubeaudit
```

## Scanner Configuration

The following security scan configuration example are based on the [kube-hunter Documentation], please take a look at the original documentation for more configuration examples.

* To specify remote machines for hunting, select option 1 or use the --remote option. Example: `kube-hunter --remote some.node.com`
* To specify interface scanning, you can use the --interface option (this will scan all the machine's network interfaces). Example: `kube-hunter --interface`
* To specify a specific CIDR to scan, use the --cidr option. Example: `kube-hunter --cidr 192.168.0.0/24`

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=v1.11.0-0`

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| cascadingRules.enabled | bool | `false` | Enables or disables the installation of the default cascading rules for this scanner |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Define imagePullSecrets when a private registry is used (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/) |
| kubeauditScope | string | `"namespace"` | Automatically sets up rbac roles for kubeaudit to access the resources it scans. Can be either "cluster" (ClusterRole) or "namespace" (Role) |
| parser.affinity | object | `{}` | Optional affinity settings that control how the parser job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/) |
| parser.env | list | `[]` | Optional environment variables mapped into each parseJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/) |
| parser.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images |
| parser.image.repository | string | `"docker.io/securecodebox/parser-kubeaudit"` | Parser image repository |
| parser.image.tag | string | defaults to the charts version | Parser image tag |
| parser.resources | object | { requests: { cpu: "200m", memory: "100Mi" }, limits: { cpu: "400m", memory: "200Mi" } } | Optional resources lets you control resource limits and requests for the parser container. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/ |
| parser.scopeLimiterAliases | object | `{}` | Optional finding aliases to be used in the scopeLimiter. |
| parser.tolerations | list | `[]` | Optional tolerations settings that control how the parser job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) |
| parser.ttlSecondsAfterFinished | string | `nil` | seconds after which the kubernetes job for the parser will be deleted. Requires the Kubernetes TTLAfterFinished controller: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished/ |
| scanner.activeDeadlineSeconds | string | `nil` | There are situations where you want to fail a scan Job after some amount of time. To do so, set activeDeadlineSeconds to define an active deadline (in seconds) when considering a scan Job as failed. (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#job-termination-and-cleanup) |
| scanner.affinity | object | `{}` | Optional affinity settings that control how the scanner job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/) |
| scanner.backoffLimit | int | 3 | There are situations where you want to fail a scan Job after some amount of retries due to a logical error in configuration etc. To do so, set backoffLimit to specify the number of retries before considering a scan Job as failed. (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#pod-backoff-failure-policy) |
| scanner.env | list | `[]` | Optional environment variables mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/) |
| scanner.extraContainers | list | `[]` | Optional additional Containers started with each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/) |
| scanner.extraVolumeMounts | list | `[]` | Optional VolumeMounts mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/) |
| scanner.extraVolumes | list | `[]` | Optional Volumes mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/) |
| scanner.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images |
| scanner.image.repository | string | `"docker.io/securecodebox/scanner-kubeaudit"` | Container Image to run the scan |
| scanner.image.tag | string | `nil` | defaults to the charts appVersion |
| scanner.nameAppend | string | `nil` | append a string to the default scantype name. |
| scanner.podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | Optional securityContext set on scanner pod (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) |
| scanner.resources | object | `{}` | CPU/memory resource requests/limits (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-memory-resource/, https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-cpu-resource/) |
| scanner.securityContext | object | `{"allowPrivilegeEscalation":false,"capabilities":{"drop":["all"]},"privileged":false,"readOnlyRootFilesystem":true,"runAsNonRoot":true}` | Optional securityContext set on scanner container (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) |
| scanner.securityContext.allowPrivilegeEscalation | bool | `false` | Ensure that users privileges cannot be escalated |
| scanner.securityContext.capabilities.drop[0] | string | `"all"` | This drops all linux privileges from the container. |
| scanner.securityContext.privileged | bool | `false` | Ensures that the scanner container is not run in privileged mode |
| scanner.securityContext.readOnlyRootFilesystem | bool | `true` | Prevents write access to the containers file system |
| scanner.securityContext.runAsNonRoot | bool | `true` | Enforces that the scanner image is run as a non root user |
| scanner.tolerations | list | `[]` | Optional tolerations settings that control how the scanner job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) |
| scanner.ttlSecondsAfterFinished | string | `nil` | seconds after which the kubernetes job for the scanner will be deleted. Requires the Kubernetes TTLAfterFinished controller: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished/ |

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome and extremely helpful 🙌
Please have a look at [Contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Community

You are welcome, please join us on... 👋

- [GitHub][scb-github]
- [Slack][scb-slack]
- [Twitter][scb-twitter]

secureCodeBox is an official [OWASP][scb-owasp] project.

## License
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

Code of secureCodeBox is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0][scb-license].

[scb-owasp]: https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_secureCodeBox
[scb-docs]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-site]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-github]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/
[scb-twitter]: https://twitter.com/secureCodeBox
[scb-slack]: https://join.slack.com/t/securecodebox/shared_invite/enQtNDU3MTUyOTM0NTMwLTBjOWRjNjVkNGEyMjQ0ZGMyNDdlYTQxYWQ4MzNiNGY3MDMxNThkZjJmMzY2NDRhMTk3ZWM3OWFkYmY1YzUxNTU
[scb-license]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/blob/master/LICENSE
[kubeaudit GitHub]: https://github.com/Shopify/kubeaudit/
