scanners/gitleaks/README.md, before:

---
title: "Gitleaks"
category: "scanner"
type: "Repository"
state: "released"
appVersion: "v8.12.0"
usecase: "Find potential secrets in repositories"
---

![gitleaks logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zricethezav/gifs/master/gitleakslogo.png)

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: the secureCodeBox authors

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->
<!--
.: IMPORTANT! :.
--------------------------
This file is generated automatically with `helm-docs` based on the following template files:
- ./.helm-docs/templates.gotmpl (general template data for all charts)
- ./chart-folder/.helm-docs.gotmpl (chart specific template data)

Please be aware of that and apply your changes only within those template files instead of this file.
Otherwise your changes will be reverted/overwritten automatically due to the build process `./.github/workflows/helm-docs.yaml`
--------------------------
-->

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0"><img alt="License Apache-2.0" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/releases/latest"><img alt="GitHub release (latest SemVer)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?sort=semver"/></a>
  <a href="https://owasp.org/www-project-securecodebox/"><img alt="OWASP Lab Project" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OWASP-Lab%20Project-yellow"/></a>
  <a href="https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?repo=securecodebox"><img alt="Artifact HUB" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/securecodebox"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/"><img alt="GitHub Repo stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?logo=GitHub"/></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/securecodebox"><img alt="Twitter Follower" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/securecodebox?style=flat&color=blue&logo=twitter"/></a>
</p>

## What is Gitleaks?
Gitleaks is a free and open source tool for finding secrets in git repositories.
These secrets could be passwords, API keys, tokens, private keys or suspicious file names or
file extensions like *id_rsa*, *.pem*, *htpasswd*. Furthermore, gitleaks can scan your whole repository's history
with all commits up to the initial one.

To learn more about gitleaks visit <https://github.com/zricethezav/gitleaks>.

## Deployment
The gitleaks chart can be deployed via helm:

```bash
# Install HelmChart (use -n to configure another namespace)
helm upgrade --install gitleaks secureCodeBox/gitleaks
```

## Scanner Configuration
For a complete overview of the configuration options, see the
[Gitleaks documentation](https://github.com/zricethezav/gitleaks#usage).

Starting with version 8.0, gitleaks no longer supports cloning the repository directly.
Instead, you will have to use an init container to do so.
[We provide example scan definitions below](https://www.securecodebox.io/docs/scanners/gitleaks/#examples) that you can build on.

### Scanning Specific Timeframes
When running gitleaks as a [scheduled scan](https://www.securecodebox.io/docs/how-tos/automatically-repeating-scans), you may not want to go through the entire repository history every time.
Gitleaks allows you to limit the commits it will scan using the `--log-opts` parameter, which accepts all parameters supported by `git log -p`.
For example, if you want to scan only commits made in the last 7 days, on all branches of the repository, use the following parameters:
```yaml
parameters:
  # Run gitleaks in "detect" mode
  - "detect"
  # Point it at the location of the repository
  - "--source"
  - "/repo/"
  # Only consider commits within the last 7 days, on all branches
  - "--log-opts=--since=7days --all --full-history"
```
Note that the parameters to `--log-opts` are not quoted separately due to the way the scanner is called inside secureCodeBox - adding extra quotes will break the scan!
It is important to remember to pass `--all --full-history` when using `--log-opts`, as otherwise only the default branch will be scanned (when not using `--log-opts`, gitleaks adds these parameters implicitly).

### Human-Friendly Commit URLs
Before gitleaks 8.0, the findings used to contain a direct link to the commit that contained the secret.
The base URL was pulled from the parameter given to gitleaks.
Since this is no longer possible, we cannot automatically infer which repository the commits belong to.
However, you can provide this information manually using a scan annotation called `metadata.scan.securecodebox.io/git-repo-url`.
See the examples below on how to use it.

### Cascading Scans
Gitleaks works well in conjunction with [git-repo-scanner](https://www.securecodebox.io/docs/scanners/git-repo-scanner) to enumerate Git repositories and scan them using cascading rules.
We do not ship default cascading rules for this purpose.
However, you can find instructions on running such cascading scans in [this article](https://www.securecodebox.io/blog/2021/10/27/sast-scanning) - simply adapt it to use gitleaks instead of semgrep and you are good to go.

### Providing Your Own Ruleset
SecureCodeBox used to ship a number of default rulesets.
We have stopped doing this, as the official ruleset of gitleaks is much more up-to-date and well-maintained.
However, if you still want to write and use your own rulesets, we [provide an example below](https://www.securecodebox.io/docs/scanners/gitleaks#provide-own-rules).
The parser will set all found issues to `medium` severity by default.
To override the severity in your own rulesets, include the result tag "HIGH" or "LOW" in your gitleaks rule.

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=v1.11.0-0`

**Do not** override the option `--report-format` or `--report-path`. It is already configured for automatic findings parsing.

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| cascadingRules.enabled | bool | `true` | Enables or disables the installation of the default cascading rules for this scanner |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Define imagePullSecrets when a private registry is used (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/) |
| parser.affinity | object | `{}` | Optional affinity settings that control how the parser job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/) |
| parser.env | list | `[]` | Optional environment variables mapped into each parseJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/) |
| parser.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images |
| parser.image.repository | string | `"docker.io/securecodebox/parser-gitleaks"` | Parser image repository |
| parser.image.tag | string | defaults to the charts version | Parser image tag |
| parser.scopeLimiterAliases | object | `{}` | Optional finding aliases to be used in the scopeLimiter. |
| parser.tolerations | list | `[]` | Optional tolerations settings that control how the parser job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) |
| parser.ttlSecondsAfterFinished | string | `nil` | seconds after which the kubernetes job for the parser will be deleted. Requires the Kubernetes TTLAfterFinished controller: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished/ |
| scanner.activeDeadlineSeconds | string | `nil` | There are situations where you want to fail a scan Job after some amount of time. To do so, set activeDeadlineSeconds to define an active deadline (in seconds) when considering a scan Job as failed. (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#job-termination-and-cleanup) |
| scanner.affinity | object | `{}` | Optional affinity settings that control how the scanner job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/) |
| scanner.backoffLimit | int | 3 | There are situations where you want to fail a scan Job after some amount of retries due to a logical error in configuration etc. To do so, set backoffLimit to specify the number of retries before considering a scan Job as failed. (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#pod-backoff-failure-policy) |
| scanner.env | list | `[]` | Optional environment variables mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/) |
| scanner.extraContainers | list | `[]` | Optional additional Containers started with each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/) |
| scanner.extraVolumeMounts | list | `[]` | Optional VolumeMounts mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/) |
| scanner.extraVolumes | list | `[]` | Optional Volumes mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/) |
| scanner.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images |
| scanner.image.repository | string | `"docker.io/zricethezav/gitleaks"` | Container Image to run the scan |
| scanner.image.tag | string | `nil` | defaults to the charts appVersion |
| scanner.nameAppend | string | `nil` | append a string to the default scantype name. |
| scanner.podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | Optional securityContext set on scanner pod (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) |
| scanner.resources | object | `{}` | CPU/memory resource requests/limits (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-memory-resource/, https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-cpu-resource/) |
| scanner.securityContext | object | `{"allowPrivilegeEscalation":false,"capabilities":{"drop":["all"]},"privileged":false,"readOnlyRootFilesystem":true,"runAsNonRoot":false}` | Optional securityContext set on scanner container (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) |
| scanner.securityContext.allowPrivilegeEscalation | bool | `false` | Ensure that users privileges cannot be escalated |
| scanner.securityContext.capabilities.drop[0] | string | `"all"` | This drops all linux privileges from the container. |
| scanner.securityContext.privileged | bool | `false` | Ensures that the scanner container is not run in privileged mode |
| scanner.securityContext.readOnlyRootFilesystem | bool | `true` | Prevents write access to the containers file system |
| scanner.securityContext.runAsNonRoot | bool | `false` | Enforces that the scanner image is run as a non root user |
| scanner.tolerations | list | `[]` | Optional tolerations settings that control how the scanner job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) |
| scanner.ttlSecondsAfterFinished | string | `nil` | seconds after which the kubernetes job for the scanner will be deleted. Requires the Kubernetes TTLAfterFinished controller: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished/ |

## License
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

Code of secureCodeBox is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0][scb-license].

[scb-owasp]: https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_secureCodeBox
[scb-docs]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-site]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-github]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/
[scb-twitter]: https://twitter.com/secureCodeBox
[scb-slack]: https://join.slack.com/t/securecodebox/shared_invite/enQtNDU3MTUyOTM0NTMwLTBjOWRjNjVkNGEyMjQ0ZGMyNDdlYTQxYWQ4MzNiNGY3MDMxNThkZjJmMzY2NDRhMTk3ZWM3OWFkYmY1YzUxNTU
[scb-license]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/blob/master/LICENSE

Commit message:

Add resources to parser configs in scanners helm charts
Signed-off-by: Jannik Hollenbach <jannik@hollenbach.de>

scanners/gitleaks/README.md, after:

---
title: "Gitleaks"
category: "scanner"
type: "Repository"
state: "released"
appVersion: "v8.12.0"
usecase: "Find potential secrets in repositories"
---

![gitleaks logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zricethezav/gifs/master/gitleakslogo.png)

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: the secureCodeBox authors

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->
<!--
.: IMPORTANT! :.
--------------------------
This file is generated automatically with `helm-docs` based on the following template files:
- ./.helm-docs/templates.gotmpl (general template data for all charts)
- ./chart-folder/.helm-docs.gotmpl (chart specific template data)

Please be aware of that and apply your changes only within those template files instead of this file.
Otherwise your changes will be reverted/overwritten automatically due to the build process `./.github/workflows/helm-docs.yaml`
--------------------------
-->

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0"><img alt="License Apache-2.0" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/releases/latest"><img alt="GitHub release (latest SemVer)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?sort=semver"/></a>
  <a href="https://owasp.org/www-project-securecodebox/"><img alt="OWASP Lab Project" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OWASP-Lab%20Project-yellow"/></a>
  <a href="https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?repo=securecodebox"><img alt="Artifact HUB" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/securecodebox"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/"><img alt="GitHub Repo stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?logo=GitHub"/></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/securecodebox"><img alt="Twitter Follower" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/securecodebox?style=flat&color=blue&logo=twitter"/></a>
</p>

## What is Gitleaks?
Gitleaks is a free and open source tool for finding secrets in git repositories.
These secrets could be passwords, API keys, tokens, private keys or suspicious file names or
file extensions like *id_rsa*, *.pem*, *htpasswd*. Furthermore, gitleaks can scan your whole repository's history
with all commits up to the initial one.

To learn more about gitleaks visit <https://github.com/zricethezav/gitleaks>.

## Deployment
The gitleaks chart can be deployed via helm:

```bash
# Install HelmChart (use -n to configure another namespace)
helm upgrade --install gitleaks secureCodeBox/gitleaks
```

## Scanner Configuration
For a complete overview of the configuration options, see the
[Gitleaks documentation](https://github.com/zricethezav/gitleaks#usage).

Starting with version 8.0, gitleaks no longer supports cloning the repository directly.
Instead, you will have to use an init container to do so.
[We provide example scan definitions below](https://www.securecodebox.io/docs/scanners/gitleaks/#examples) that you can build on.

### Scanning Specific Timeframes
When running gitleaks as a [scheduled scan](https://www.securecodebox.io/docs/how-tos/automatically-repeating-scans), you may not want to go through the entire repository history every time.
Gitleaks allows you to limit the commits it will scan using the `--log-opts` parameter, which accepts all parameters supported by `git log -p`.
For example, if you want to scan only commits made in the last 7 days, on all branches of the repository, use the following parameters:
```yaml
parameters:
  # Run gitleaks in "detect" mode
  - "detect"
  # Point it at the location of the repository
  - "--source"
  - "/repo/"
  # Only consider commits within the last 7 days, on all branches
  - "--log-opts=--since=7days --all --full-history"
```
Note that the parameters to `--log-opts` are not quoted separately due to the way the scanner is called inside secureCodeBox - adding extra quotes will break the scan!
It is important to remember to pass `--all --full-history` when using `--log-opts`, as otherwise only the default branch will be scanned (when not using `--log-opts`, gitleaks adds these parameters implicitly).

### Human-Friendly Commit URLs
Before gitleaks 8.0, the findings used to contain a direct link to the commit that contained the secret.
The base URL was pulled from the parameter given to gitleaks.
Since this is no longer possible, we cannot automatically infer which repository the commits belong to.
However, you can provide this information manually using a scan annotation called `metadata.scan.securecodebox.io/git-repo-url`.
See the examples below on how to use it.

### Cascading Scans
Gitleaks works well in conjunction with [git-repo-scanner](https://www.securecodebox.io/docs/scanners/git-repo-scanner) to enumerate Git repositories and scan them using cascading rules.
We do not ship default cascading rules for this purpose.
However, you can find instructions on running such cascading scans in [this article](https://www.securecodebox.io/blog/2021/10/27/sast-scanning) - simply adapt it to use gitleaks instead of semgrep and you are good to go.

### Providing Your Own Ruleset
SecureCodeBox used to ship a number of default rulesets.
We have stopped doing this, as the official ruleset of gitleaks is much more up-to-date and well-maintained.
However, if you still want to write and use your own rulesets, we [provide an example below](https://www.securecodebox.io/docs/scanners/gitleaks#provide-own-rules).
The parser will set all found issues to `medium` severity by default.
To override the severity in your own rulesets, include the result tag "HIGH" or "LOW" in your gitleaks rule.

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=v1.11.0-0`

**Do not** override the option `--report-format` or `--report-path`. It is already configured for automatic findings parsing.

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| cascadingRules.enabled | bool | `true` | Enables or disables the installation of the default cascading rules for this scanner |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Define imagePullSecrets when a private registry is used (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/) |
| parser.affinity | object | `{}` | Optional affinity settings that control how the parser job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/) |
| parser.env | list | `[]` | Optional environment variables mapped into each parseJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/) |
| parser.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images |
| parser.image.repository | string | `"docker.io/securecodebox/parser-gitleaks"` | Parser image repository |
| parser.image.tag | string | defaults to the charts version | Parser image tag |
| parser.resources | object | { requests: { cpu: "200m", memory: "100Mi" }, limits: { cpu: "400m", memory: "200Mi" } } | Optional resources lets you control resource limits and requests for the parser container. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/ |
| parser.scopeLimiterAliases | object | `{}` | Optional finding aliases to be used in the scopeLimiter. |
| parser.tolerations | list | `[]` | Optional tolerations settings that control how the parser job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) |
| parser.ttlSecondsAfterFinished | string | `nil` | seconds after which the kubernetes job for the parser will be deleted. Requires the Kubernetes TTLAfterFinished controller: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished/ |
| scanner.activeDeadlineSeconds | string | `nil` | There are situations where you want to fail a scan Job after some amount of time. To do so, set activeDeadlineSeconds to define an active deadline (in seconds) when considering a scan Job as failed. (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#job-termination-and-cleanup) |
| scanner.affinity | object | `{}` | Optional affinity settings that control how the scanner job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/) |
| scanner.backoffLimit | int | 3 | There are situations where you want to fail a scan Job after some amount of retries due to a logical error in configuration etc. To do so, set backoffLimit to specify the number of retries before considering a scan Job as failed. (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#pod-backoff-failure-policy) |
| scanner.env | list | `[]` | Optional environment variables mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/) |
| scanner.extraContainers | list | `[]` | Optional additional Containers started with each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/) |
| scanner.extraVolumeMounts | list | `[]` | Optional VolumeMounts mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/) |
| scanner.extraVolumes | list | `[]` | Optional Volumes mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/) |
| scanner.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images |
| scanner.image.repository | string | `"docker.io/zricethezav/gitleaks"` | Container Image to run the scan |
| scanner.image.tag | string | `nil` | defaults to the charts appVersion |
| scanner.nameAppend | string | `nil` | append a string to the default scantype name. |
| scanner.podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | Optional securityContext set on scanner pod (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) |
| scanner.resources | object | `{}` | CPU/memory resource requests/limits (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-memory-resource/, https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-cpu-resource/) |
| scanner.securityContext | object | `{"allowPrivilegeEscalation":false,"capabilities":{"drop":["all"]},"privileged":false,"readOnlyRootFilesystem":true,"runAsNonRoot":false}` | Optional securityContext set on scanner container (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) |
| scanner.securityContext.allowPrivilegeEscalation | bool | `false` | Ensure that users privileges cannot be escalated |
| scanner.securityContext.capabilities.drop[0] | string | `"all"` | This drops all linux privileges from the container. |
| scanner.securityContext.privileged | bool | `false` | Ensures that the scanner container is not run in privileged mode |
| scanner.securityContext.readOnlyRootFilesystem | bool | `true` | Prevents write access to the containers file system |
| scanner.securityContext.runAsNonRoot | bool | `false` | Enforces that the scanner image is run as a non root user |
| scanner.tolerations | list | `[]` | Optional tolerations settings that control how the scanner job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) |
| scanner.ttlSecondsAfterFinished | string | `nil` | seconds after which the kubernetes job for the scanner will be deleted. Requires the Kubernetes TTLAfterFinished controller: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished/ |

## License
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

Code of secureCodeBox is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0][scb-license].

[scb-owasp]: https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_secureCodeBox
[scb-docs]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-site]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-github]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/
[scb-twitter]: https://twitter.com/secureCodeBox
[scb-slack]: https://join.slack.com/t/securecodebox/shared_invite/enQtNDU3MTUyOTM0NTMwLTBjOWRjNjVkNGEyMjQ0ZGMyNDdlYTQxYWQ4MzNiNGY3MDMxNThkZjJmMzY2NDRhMTk3ZWM3OWFkYmY1YzUxNTU
[scb-license]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/blob/master/LICENSE
