scanners/whatweb/README.md, before:

---
title: "Whatweb"
category: "scanner"
type: "Network"
state: "released"
appVersion: "v0.5.5"
usecase: "Website identification"
---

![Whatweb logo](https://morningstarsecurity.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/WhatWeb-Logo-800px.png)

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: the secureCodeBox authors

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->
<!--
.: IMPORTANT! :.
--------------------------
This file is generated automatically with `helm-docs` based on the following template files:
- ./.helm-docs/templates.gotmpl (general template data for all charts)
- ./chart-folder/.helm-docs.gotmpl (chart specific template data)

Please be aware of that and apply your changes only within those template files instead of this file.
Otherwise your changes will be reverted/overwritten automatically due to the build process `./.github/workflows/helm-docs.yaml`
--------------------------
-->

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0"><img alt="License Apache-2.0" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/releases/latest"><img alt="GitHub release (latest SemVer)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?sort=semver"/></a>
  <a href="https://owasp.org/www-project-securecodebox/"><img alt="OWASP Lab Project" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OWASP-Lab%20Project-yellow"/></a>
  <a href="https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?repo=securecodebox"><img alt="Artifact HUB" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/securecodebox"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/"><img alt="GitHub Repo stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?logo=GitHub"/></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/securecodebox"><img alt="Twitter Follower" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/securecodebox?style=flat&color=blue&logo=twitter"/></a>
</p>

## What is WHATWEB?
Whatweb identifies the technologies used to build a website, such as content management systems (CMS), JavaScript libraries, web server and much more.
It has multiple aggression levels and depending on this level, whatweb may also report the version of specific technologies when an appropiate aggeression level was given. This makes whatweb especially interesting to use in a cascading-rules pipeline.

To learn more about the whatweb scanner itself visit [https://morningstarsecurity.com/research/whatweb](https://morningstarsecurity.com/research/whatweb), [GitHub repository](https://github.com/urbanadventurer/WhatWeb) or the [Wiki on Github](https://github.com/urbanadventurer/WhatWeb/wiki).

## Deployment
The whatweb chart can be deployed via helm:

```bash
# Install HelmChart (use -n to configure another namespace)
helm upgrade --install whatweb secureCodeBox/whatweb
```

## Scanner Configuration

```bash
WhatWeb - Next generation web scanner version 0.5.5.
Developed by Andrew Horton (urbanadventurer) and Brendan Coles (bcoles)
Homepage: https://morningstarsecurity.com/research/whatweb

Usage: whatweb [options] <URLs>

TARGET SELECTION:
  <TARGETs>             Enter URLs, hostnames, IP addresses, filenames or
                        IP ranges in CIDR, x.x.x-x, or x.x.x.x-x.x.x.x
                        format.
  --input-file=FILE, -i Read targets from a file. You can pipe
                        hostnames or URLs directly with -i /dev/stdin.

TARGET MODIFICATION:
  --url-prefix          Add a prefix to target URLs.
  --url-suffix          Add a suffix to target URLs.
  --url-pattern         Insert the targets into a URL. Requires --input-file,
                        eg. www.example.com/%insert%/robots.txt

AGGRESSION:
  The aggression level controls the trade-off between speed/stealth and
  reliability.
  --aggression, -a=LEVEL Set the aggression level. Default: 1.
  Aggression levels are:
  1. Stealthy   Makes one HTTP request per target. Also follows redirects.
  3. Aggressive If a level 1 plugin is matched, additional requests will be
      made.
  4. Heavy      Makes a lot of HTTP requests per target. Aggressive tests from
      all plugins are used for all URLs.

HTTP OPTIONS:
  --user-agent, -U=AGENT Identify as AGENT instead of WhatWeb/0.5.5.
  --header, -H          Add an HTTP header. eg "Foo:Bar". Specifying a default
                        header will replace it. Specifying an empty value, eg.
                        "User-Agent:" will remove the header.
  --follow-redirect=WHEN Control when to follow redirects. WHEN may be `never`,
                        `http-only`, `meta-only`, `same-site`, or `always`.
                        Default: always.
  --max-redirects=NUM   Maximum number of contiguous redirects. Default: 10.

AUTHENTICATION:
  --user, -u=<user:password> HTTP basic authentication.
  --cookie, -c=COOKIES  Provide cookies, e.g. `name=value; name2=value2`.
  --cookiejar=FILE      Read cookies from a file.

PROXY:
  --proxy           <hostname[:port]> Set proxy hostname and port.
                    Default: 8080.
  --proxy-user      <username:password> Set proxy user and password.

PLUGINS:
  --list-plugins, -l            List all plugins.
  --info-plugins, -I=[SEARCH]   List all plugins with detailed information.
                                Optionally search with keywords in a comma
                                delimited list.
  --search-plugins=STRING       Search plugins for a keyword.
  --plugins, -p=LIST  Select plugins. LIST is a comma delimited set of
                      selected plugins. Default is all.
                      Each element can be a directory, file or plugin name and
                      can optionally have a modifier, eg. + or -
                      Examples: +/tmp/moo.rb,+/tmp/foo.rb
                      title,md5,+./plugins-disabled/
                      ./plugins-disabled,-md5
                      -p + is a shortcut for -p +plugins-disabled.

  --grep, -g=STRING|REGEXP      Search for STRING or a Regular Expression. Shows
                                only the results that match.
                                Examples: --grep "hello"
                                --grep "/he[l]*o/"
  --custom-plugin=DEFINITION\tDefine a custom plugin named Custom-Plugin,
  --custom-plugin=DEFINITION  Define a custom plugin named Custom-Plugin,
                        Examples: ":text=>'powered by abc'"
                        ":version=>/powered[ ]?by ab[0-9]/"
                        ":ghdb=>'intitle:abc \"powered by abc\"'"
                        ":md5=>'8666257030b94d3bdb46e05945f60b42'"
  --dorks=PLUGIN        List Google dorks for the selected plugin.

OUTPUT:
  --verbose, -v         Verbose output includes plugin descriptions. Use twice
                        for debugging.
  --colour,--color=WHEN control whether colour is used. WHEN may be `never`,
                        `always`, or `auto`.
  --quiet, -q           Do not display brief logging to STDOUT.
  --no-errors           Suppress error messages.

LOGGING:
  --log-brief=FILE        Log brief, one-line output.
  --log-verbose=FILE      Log verbose output.
  --log-errors=FILE       Log errors.
  --log-xml=FILE          Log XML format.
  --log-json=FILE         Log JSON format.
  --log-sql=FILE          Log SQL INSERT statements.
  --log-sql-create=FILE   Create SQL database tables.
  --log-json-verbose=FILE Log JSON Verbose format.
  --log-magictree=FILE    Log MagicTree XML format.
  --log-object=FILE       Log Ruby object inspection format.
  --log-mongo-database    Name of the MongoDB database.
  --log-mongo-collection  Name of the MongoDB collection. Default: whatweb.
  --log-mongo-host        MongoDB hostname or IP address. Default: 0.0.0.0.
  --log-mongo-username    MongoDB username. Default: nil.
  --log-mongo-password    MongoDB password. Default: nil. 
  --log-elastic-index     Name of the index to store results. Default: whatweb
  --log-elastic-host      Host:port of the elastic http interface. Default: 127.0.0.1:9200
 
PERFORMANCE & STABILITY:
  --max-threads, -t       Number of simultaneous threads. Default: 25.
  --open-timeout          Time in seconds. Default: 15.
  --read-timeout          Time in seconds. Default: 30.
  --wait=SECONDS          Wait SECONDS between connections.
                          This is useful when using a single thread.

HELP & MISCELLANEOUS:
  --short-help            Short usage help.
  --help, -h              Complete usage help.
  --debug                 Raise errors in plugins.
  --version               Display version information. (WhatWeb 0.5.5).

EXAMPLE USAGE:
* Scan example.com.
  ./whatweb example.com
* Scan reddit.com slashdot.org with verbose plugin descriptions.
  ./whatweb -v reddit.com slashdot.org
* An aggressive scan of wired.com detects the exact version of WordPress.
  ./whatweb -a 3 www.wired.com
* Scan the local network quickly and suppress errors.
  whatweb --no-errors 192.168.0.0/24
* Scan the local network for https websites.
  whatweb --no-errors --url-prefix https:// 192.168.0.0/24
* Scan for crossdomain policies in the Alexa Top 1000.
  ./whatweb -i plugin-development/alexa-top-100.txt \
  --url-suffix /crossdomain.xml -p crossdomain_xml
```

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=v1.11.0-0`

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| cascadingRules.enabled | bool | `true` | Enables or disables the installation of the default cascading rules for this scanner |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Define imagePullSecrets when a private registry is used (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/) |
| parser.affinity | object | `{}` | Optional affinity settings that control how the parser job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/) |
| parser.env | list | `[]` | Optional environment variables mapped into each parseJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/) |
| parser.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images |
| parser.image.repository | string | `"docker.io/securecodebox/parser-whatweb"` | Parser image repository |
| parser.image.tag | string | defaults to the charts version | Parser image tag |
| parser.scopeLimiterAliases | object | `{}` | Optional finding aliases to be used in the scopeLimiter. |
| parser.tolerations | list | `[]` | Optional tolerations settings that control how the parser job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) |
| parser.ttlSecondsAfterFinished | string | `nil` | seconds after which the kubernetes job for the parser will be deleted. Requires the Kubernetes TTLAfterFinished controller: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished/ |
| scanner.activeDeadlineSeconds | string | `nil` | There are situations where you want to fail a scan Job after some amount of time. To do so, set activeDeadlineSeconds to define an active deadline (in seconds) when considering a scan Job as failed. (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#job-termination-and-cleanup) |
| scanner.affinity | object | `{}` | Optional affinity settings that control how the scanner job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/) |
| scanner.backoffLimit | int | 3 | There are situations where you want to fail a scan Job after some amount of retries due to a logical error in configuration etc. To do so, set backoffLimit to specify the number of retries before considering a scan Job as failed. (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#pod-backoff-failure-policy) |
| scanner.env | list | `[]` | Optional environment variables mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/) |
| scanner.extraContainers | list | `[]` | Optional additional Containers started with each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/) |
| scanner.extraVolumeMounts | list | `[]` | Optional VolumeMounts mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/) |
| scanner.extraVolumes | list | `[]` | Optional Volumes mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/) |
| scanner.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images |
| scanner.image.repository | string | `"docker.io/securecodebox/scanner-whatweb"` | Container Image to run the scan |
| scanner.image.tag | string | `nil` | defaults to the charts appVersion |
| scanner.nameAppend | string | `nil` | append a string to the default scantype name. |
| scanner.podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | Optional securityContext set on scanner pod (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) |
| scanner.resources | object | `{}` | CPU/memory resource requests/limits (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-memory-resource/, https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-cpu-resource/) |
| scanner.securityContext | object | `{"allowPrivilegeEscalation":false,"capabilities":{"drop":["all"]},"privileged":false,"readOnlyRootFilesystem":true,"runAsNonRoot":true}` | Optional securityContext set on scanner container (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) |
| scanner.securityContext.allowPrivilegeEscalation | bool | `false` | Ensure that users privileges cannot be escalated |
| scanner.securityContext.capabilities.drop[0] | string | `"all"` | This drops all linux privileges from the container. |
| scanner.securityContext.privileged | bool | `false` | Ensures that the scanner container is not run in privileged mode |
| scanner.securityContext.readOnlyRootFilesystem | bool | `true` | Prevents write access to the containers file system |
| scanner.securityContext.runAsNonRoot | bool | `true` | Enforces that the scanner image is run as a non root user |
| scanner.tolerations | list | `[]` | Optional tolerations settings that control how the scanner job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) |
| scanner.ttlSecondsAfterFinished | string | `nil` | seconds after which the kubernetes job for the scanner will be deleted. Requires the Kubernetes TTLAfterFinished controller: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished/ |

## License
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

Code of secureCodeBox is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0][scb-license].

[scb-owasp]: https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_secureCodeBox
[scb-docs]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-site]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-github]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/
[scb-twitter]: https://twitter.com/secureCodeBox
[scb-slack]: https://join.slack.com/t/securecodebox/shared_invite/enQtNDU3MTUyOTM0NTMwLTBjOWRjNjVkNGEyMjQ0ZGMyNDdlYTQxYWQ4MzNiNGY3MDMxNThkZjJmMzY2NDRhMTk3ZWM3OWFkYmY1YzUxNTU
[scb-license]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/blob/master/LICENSE
[whatweb]: https://morningstarsecurity.com/research/whatweb

Commit message:

Add resources to parser configs in scanners helm charts
Signed-off-by: Jannik Hollenbach <jannik@hollenbach.de>

scanners/whatweb/README.md, after:

---
title: "Whatweb"
category: "scanner"
type: "Network"
state: "released"
appVersion: "v0.5.5"
usecase: "Website identification"
---

![Whatweb logo](https://morningstarsecurity.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/WhatWeb-Logo-800px.png)

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: the secureCodeBox authors

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->
<!--
.: IMPORTANT! :.
--------------------------
This file is generated automatically with `helm-docs` based on the following template files:
- ./.helm-docs/templates.gotmpl (general template data for all charts)
- ./chart-folder/.helm-docs.gotmpl (chart specific template data)

Please be aware of that and apply your changes only within those template files instead of this file.
Otherwise your changes will be reverted/overwritten automatically due to the build process `./.github/workflows/helm-docs.yaml`
--------------------------
-->

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0"><img alt="License Apache-2.0" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/releases/latest"><img alt="GitHub release (latest SemVer)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?sort=semver"/></a>
  <a href="https://owasp.org/www-project-securecodebox/"><img alt="OWASP Lab Project" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OWASP-Lab%20Project-yellow"/></a>
  <a href="https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?repo=securecodebox"><img alt="Artifact HUB" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/securecodebox"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/"><img alt="GitHub Repo stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?logo=GitHub"/></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/securecodebox"><img alt="Twitter Follower" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/securecodebox?style=flat&color=blue&logo=twitter"/></a>
</p>

## What is WHATWEB?
Whatweb identifies the technologies used to build a website, such as content management systems (CMS), JavaScript libraries, web server and much more.
It has multiple aggression levels and depending on this level, whatweb may also report the version of specific technologies when an appropiate aggeression level was given. This makes whatweb especially interesting to use in a cascading-rules pipeline.

To learn more about the whatweb scanner itself visit [https://morningstarsecurity.com/research/whatweb](https://morningstarsecurity.com/research/whatweb), [GitHub repository](https://github.com/urbanadventurer/WhatWeb) or the [Wiki on Github](https://github.com/urbanadventurer/WhatWeb/wiki).

## Deployment
The whatweb chart can be deployed via helm:

```bash
# Install HelmChart (use -n to configure another namespace)
helm upgrade --install whatweb secureCodeBox/whatweb
```

## Scanner Configuration

```bash
WhatWeb - Next generation web scanner version 0.5.5.
Developed by Andrew Horton (urbanadventurer) and Brendan Coles (bcoles)
Homepage: https://morningstarsecurity.com/research/whatweb

Usage: whatweb [options] <URLs>

TARGET SELECTION:
  <TARGETs>             Enter URLs, hostnames, IP addresses, filenames or
                        IP ranges in CIDR, x.x.x-x, or x.x.x.x-x.x.x.x
                        format.
  --input-file=FILE, -i Read targets from a file. You can pipe
                        hostnames or URLs directly with -i /dev/stdin.

TARGET MODIFICATION:
  --url-prefix          Add a prefix to target URLs.
  --url-suffix          Add a suffix to target URLs.
  --url-pattern         Insert the targets into a URL. Requires --input-file,
                        eg. www.example.com/%insert%/robots.txt

AGGRESSION:
  The aggression level controls the trade-off between speed/stealth and
  reliability.
  --aggression, -a=LEVEL Set the aggression level. Default: 1.
  Aggression levels are:
  1. Stealthy   Makes one HTTP request per target. Also follows redirects.
  3. Aggressive If a level 1 plugin is matched, additional requests will be
      made.
  4. Heavy      Makes a lot of HTTP requests per target. Aggressive tests from
      all plugins are used for all URLs.

HTTP OPTIONS:
  --user-agent, -U=AGENT Identify as AGENT instead of WhatWeb/0.5.5.
  --header, -H          Add an HTTP header. eg "Foo:Bar". Specifying a default
                        header will replace it. Specifying an empty value, eg.
                        "User-Agent:" will remove the header.
  --follow-redirect=WHEN Control when to follow redirects. WHEN may be `never`,
                        `http-only`, `meta-only`, `same-site`, or `always`.
                        Default: always.
  --max-redirects=NUM   Maximum number of contiguous redirects. Default: 10.

AUTHENTICATION:
  --user, -u=<user:password> HTTP basic authentication.
  --cookie, -c=COOKIES  Provide cookies, e.g. `name=value; name2=value2`.
  --cookiejar=FILE      Read cookies from a file.

PROXY:
  --proxy           <hostname[:port]> Set proxy hostname and port.
                    Default: 8080.
  --proxy-user      <username:password> Set proxy user and password.

PLUGINS:
  --list-plugins, -l            List all plugins.
  --info-plugins, -I=[SEARCH]   List all plugins with detailed information.
                                Optionally search with keywords in a comma
                                delimited list.
  --search-plugins=STRING       Search plugins for a keyword.
  --plugins, -p=LIST  Select plugins. LIST is a comma delimited set of
                      selected plugins. Default is all.
                      Each element can be a directory, file or plugin name and
                      can optionally have a modifier, eg. + or -
                      Examples: +/tmp/moo.rb,+/tmp/foo.rb
                      title,md5,+./plugins-disabled/
                      ./plugins-disabled,-md5
                      -p + is a shortcut for -p +plugins-disabled.

  --grep, -g=STRING|REGEXP      Search for STRING or a Regular Expression. Shows
                                only the results that match.
                                Examples: --grep "hello"
                                --grep "/he[l]*o/"
  --custom-plugin=DEFINITION\tDefine a custom plugin named Custom-Plugin,
  --custom-plugin=DEFINITION  Define a custom plugin named Custom-Plugin,
                        Examples: ":text=>'powered by abc'"
                        ":version=>/powered[ ]?by ab[0-9]/"
                        ":ghdb=>'intitle:abc \"powered by abc\"'"
                        ":md5=>'8666257030b94d3bdb46e05945f60b42'"
  --dorks=PLUGIN        List Google dorks for the selected plugin.

OUTPUT:
  --verbose, -v         Verbose output includes plugin descriptions. Use twice
                        for debugging.
  --colour,--color=WHEN control whether colour is used. WHEN may be `never`,
                        `always`, or `auto`.
  --quiet, -q           Do not display brief logging to STDOUT.
  --no-errors           Suppress error messages.

LOGGING:
  --log-brief=FILE        Log brief, one-line output.
  --log-verbose=FILE      Log verbose output.
  --log-errors=FILE       Log errors.
  --log-xml=FILE          Log XML format.
  --log-json=FILE         Log JSON format.
  --log-sql=FILE          Log SQL INSERT statements.
  --log-sql-create=FILE   Create SQL database tables.
  --log-json-verbose=FILE Log JSON Verbose format.
  --log-magictree=FILE    Log MagicTree XML format.
  --log-object=FILE       Log Ruby object inspection format.
  --log-mongo-database    Name of the MongoDB database.
  --log-mongo-collection  Name of the MongoDB collection. Default: whatweb.
  --log-mongo-host        MongoDB hostname or IP address. Default: 0.0.0.0.
  --log-mongo-username    MongoDB username. Default: nil.
  --log-mongo-password    MongoDB password. Default: nil. 
  --log-elastic-index     Name of the index to store results. Default: whatweb
  --log-elastic-host      Host:port of the elastic http interface. Default: 127.0.0.1:9200
 
PERFORMANCE & STABILITY:
  --max-threads, -t       Number of simultaneous threads. Default: 25.
  --open-timeout          Time in seconds. Default: 15.
  --read-timeout          Time in seconds. Default: 30.
  --wait=SECONDS          Wait SECONDS between connections.
                          This is useful when using a single thread.

HELP & MISCELLANEOUS:
  --short-help            Short usage help.
  --help, -h              Complete usage help.
  --debug                 Raise errors in plugins.
  --version               Display version information. (WhatWeb 0.5.5).

EXAMPLE USAGE:
* Scan example.com.
  ./whatweb example.com
* Scan reddit.com slashdot.org with verbose plugin descriptions.
  ./whatweb -v reddit.com slashdot.org
* An aggressive scan of wired.com detects the exact version of WordPress.
  ./whatweb -a 3 www.wired.com
* Scan the local network quickly and suppress errors.
  whatweb --no-errors 192.168.0.0/24
* Scan the local network for https websites.
  whatweb --no-errors --url-prefix https:// 192.168.0.0/24
* Scan for crossdomain policies in the Alexa Top 1000.
  ./whatweb -i plugin-development/alexa-top-100.txt \
  --url-suffix /crossdomain.xml -p crossdomain_xml
```

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=v1.11.0-0`

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| cascadingRules.enabled | bool | `true` | Enables or disables the installation of the default cascading rules for this scanner |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Define imagePullSecrets when a private registry is used (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/) |
| parser.affinity | object | `{}` | Optional affinity settings that control how the parser job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/) |
| parser.env | list | `[]` | Optional environment variables mapped into each parseJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/) |
| parser.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images |
| parser.image.repository | string | `"docker.io/securecodebox/parser-whatweb"` | Parser image repository |
| parser.image.tag | string | defaults to the charts version | Parser image tag |
| parser.resources | object | { requests: { cpu: "200m", memory: "100Mi" }, limits: { cpu: "400m", memory: "200Mi" } } | Optional resources lets you control resource limits and requests for the parser container. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/ |
| parser.scopeLimiterAliases | object | `{}` | Optional finding aliases to be used in the scopeLimiter. |
| parser.tolerations | list | `[]` | Optional tolerations settings that control how the parser job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) |
| parser.ttlSecondsAfterFinished | string | `nil` | seconds after which the kubernetes job for the parser will be deleted. Requires the Kubernetes TTLAfterFinished controller: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished/ |
| scanner.activeDeadlineSeconds | string | `nil` | There are situations where you want to fail a scan Job after some amount of time. To do so, set activeDeadlineSeconds to define an active deadline (in seconds) when considering a scan Job as failed. (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#job-termination-and-cleanup) |
| scanner.affinity | object | `{}` | Optional affinity settings that control how the scanner job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/) |
| scanner.backoffLimit | int | 3 | There are situations where you want to fail a scan Job after some amount of retries due to a logical error in configuration etc. To do so, set backoffLimit to specify the number of retries before considering a scan Job as failed. (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#pod-backoff-failure-policy) |
| scanner.env | list | `[]` | Optional environment variables mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/) |
| scanner.extraContainers | list | `[]` | Optional additional Containers started with each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/) |
| scanner.extraVolumeMounts | list | `[]` | Optional VolumeMounts mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/) |
| scanner.extraVolumes | list | `[]` | Optional Volumes mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/) |
| scanner.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images |
| scanner.image.repository | string | `"docker.io/securecodebox/scanner-whatweb"` | Container Image to run the scan |
| scanner.image.tag | string | `nil` | defaults to the charts appVersion |
| scanner.nameAppend | string | `nil` | append a string to the default scantype name. |
| scanner.podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | Optional securityContext set on scanner pod (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) |
| scanner.resources | object | `{}` | CPU/memory resource requests/limits (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-memory-resource/, https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-cpu-resource/) |
| scanner.securityContext | object | `{"allowPrivilegeEscalation":false,"capabilities":{"drop":["all"]},"privileged":false,"readOnlyRootFilesystem":true,"runAsNonRoot":true}` | Optional securityContext set on scanner container (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) |
| scanner.securityContext.allowPrivilegeEscalation | bool | `false` | Ensure that users privileges cannot be escalated |
| scanner.securityContext.capabilities.drop[0] | string | `"all"` | This drops all linux privileges from the container. |
| scanner.securityContext.privileged | bool | `false` | Ensures that the scanner container is not run in privileged mode |
| scanner.securityContext.readOnlyRootFilesystem | bool | `true` | Prevents write access to the containers file system |
| scanner.securityContext.runAsNonRoot | bool | `true` | Enforces that the scanner image is run as a non root user |
| scanner.tolerations | list | `[]` | Optional tolerations settings that control how the scanner job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) |
| scanner.ttlSecondsAfterFinished | string | `nil` | seconds after which the kubernetes job for the scanner will be deleted. Requires the Kubernetes TTLAfterFinished controller: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished/ |

## License
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

Code of secureCodeBox is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0][scb-license].

[scb-owasp]: https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_secureCodeBox
[scb-docs]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-site]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-github]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/
[scb-twitter]: https://twitter.com/secureCodeBox
[scb-slack]: https://join.slack.com/t/securecodebox/shared_invite/enQtNDU3MTUyOTM0NTMwLTBjOWRjNjVkNGEyMjQ0ZGMyNDdlYTQxYWQ4MzNiNGY3MDMxNThkZjJmMzY2NDRhMTk3ZWM3OWFkYmY1YzUxNTU
[scb-license]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/blob/master/LICENSE
[whatweb]: https://morningstarsecurity.com/research/whatweb
