scanners/ncrack/README.md, before:

---
title: "Ncrack"
category: "scanner"
type: "Authentication"
state: "released"
appVersion: "0.7"
usecase: "Network authentication bruteforcing"
---

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: the secureCodeBox authors

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->
<!--
.: IMPORTANT! :.
--------------------------
This file is generated automatically with `helm-docs` based on the following template files:
- ./.helm-docs/templates.gotmpl (general template data for all charts)
- ./chart-folder/.helm-docs.gotmpl (chart specific template data)

Please be aware of that and apply your changes only within those template files instead of this file.
Otherwise your changes will be reverted/overwritten automatically due to the build process `./.github/workflows/helm-docs.yaml`
--------------------------
-->

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0"><img alt="License Apache-2.0" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/releases/latest"><img alt="GitHub release (latest SemVer)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?sort=semver"/></a>
  <a href="https://owasp.org/www-project-securecodebox/"><img alt="OWASP Lab Project" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OWASP-Lab%20Project-yellow"/></a>
  <a href="https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?repo=securecodebox"><img alt="Artifact HUB" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/securecodebox"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/"><img alt="GitHub Repo stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?logo=GitHub"/></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/securecodebox"><img alt="Twitter Follower" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/securecodebox?style=flat&color=blue&logo=twitter"/></a>
</p>

## What is Ncrack?
Ncrack is a high-speed network authentication cracking tool. It was built to help companies secure their networks by proactively testing all their hosts and networking devices for poor passwords. Security professionals also rely on Ncrack when auditing their clients. Ncrack was designed using a modular approach, a command-line syntax similar to Nmap and a dynamic engine that can adapt its behaviour based on network feedback. It allows for rapid, yet reliable large-scale auditing of multiple hosts.

To learn more about the Ncrack scanner itself visit [Ncrack GitHub] or [Ncrack Website].

## Deployment
The ncrack chart can be deployed via helm:

```bash
# Install HelmChart (use -n to configure another namespace)
helm upgrade --install ncrack secureCodeBox/ncrack
```

## Scanner Configuration

The following security scan configuration example are based on the [Ncrack Documentation], please take a look at the original documentation for more configuration examples.

This options summary is printed when Ncrack is run with no arguments. It helps people remember the most common options, but is no substitute for the in-depth documentation in the rest of this manual.

```
Ncrack 0.7 ( http://ncrack.org )
Usage: ncrack [Options] {target and service specification}
TARGET SPECIFICATION:
  Can pass hostnames, IP addresses, networks, etc.
  Ex: scanme.nmap.org, microsoft.com/24, 192.168.0.1; 10.0.0-255.1-254
  -iX <inputfilename>: Input from Nmap's -oX XML output format
  -iN <inputfilename>: Input from Nmap's -oN Normal output format
  -iL <inputfilename>: Input from list of hosts/networks
  --exclude <host1[,host2][,host3],...>: Exclude hosts/networks
  --excludefile <exclude_file>: Exclude list from file
SERVICE SPECIFICATION:
  Can pass target specific services in <service>://target (standard) notation or
  using -p which will be applied to all hosts in non-standard notation.
  Service arguments can be specified to be host-specific, type of service-specific
  (-m) or global (-g). Ex: ssh://10.0.0.10,at=10,cl=30 -m ssh:at=50 -g cd=3000
  Ex2: ncrack -p ssh,ftp:3500,25 10.0.0.10 scanme.nmap.org google.com:80,ssl
  -p <service-list>: services will be applied to all non-standard notation hosts
  -m <service>:<options>: options will be applied to all services of this type
  -g <options>: options will be applied to every service globally
  Misc options:
    ssl: enable SSL over this service
    path <name>: used in modules like HTTP ('=' needs escaping if used)
    db <name>: used in modules like MongoDB to specify the database
    domain <name>: used in modules like WinRM to specify the domain
TIMING AND PERFORMANCE:
  Options which take <time> are in seconds, unless you append 'ms'
  (miliseconds), 'm' (minutes), or 'h' (hours) to the value (e.g. 30m).
  Service-specific options:
    cl (min connection limit): minimum number of concurrent parallel connections
    CL (max connection limit): maximum number of concurrent parallel connections
    at (authentication tries): authentication attempts per connection
    cd (connection delay): delay <time> between each connection initiation
    cr (connection retries): caps number of service connection attempts
    to (time-out): maximum cracking <time> for service, regardless of success so far
  -T<0-5>: Set timing template (higher is faster)
  --connection-limit <number>: threshold for total concurrent connections
  --stealthy-linear: try credentials using only one connection against each specified host
    until you hit the same host again. Overrides all other timing options.
AUTHENTICATION:
  -U <filename>: username file
  -P <filename>: password file
  --user <username_list>: comma-separated username list
  --pass <password_list>: comma-separated password list
  --passwords-first: Iterate password list for each username. Default is opposite.
  --pairwise: Choose usernames and passwords in pairs.
OUTPUT:
  -oN/-oX <file>: Output scan in normal and XML format, respectively, to the given filename.
  -oA <basename>: Output in the two major formats at once
  -v: Increase verbosity level (use twice or more for greater effect)
  -d[level]: Set or increase debugging level (Up to 10 is meaningful)
  --nsock-trace <level>: Set nsock trace level (Valid range: 0 - 10)
  --log-errors: Log errors/warnings to the normal-format output file
  --append-output: Append to rather than clobber specified output files
MISC:
  --resume <file>: Continue previously saved session
  --save <file>: Save restoration file with specific filename
  -f: quit cracking service after one found credential
  -6: Enable IPv6 cracking
  -sL or --list: only list hosts and services
  --datadir <dirname>: Specify custom Ncrack data file location
  --proxy <type://proxy:port>: Make connections via socks4, 4a, http.
  -V: Print version number
  -h: Print this help summary page.
MODULES:
  SSH, RDP, FTP, Telnet, HTTP(S), Wordpress, POP3(S), IMAP, CVS, SMB, VNC, SIP, Redis, PostgreSQL, MQTT, MySQL, MSSQL, MongoDB, Cassandra, WinRM, OWA, DICOM
EXAMPLES:
  ncrack -v --user root localhost:22
  ncrack -v -T5 https://192.168.0.1
  ncrack -v -iX ~/nmap.xml -g CL=5,to=1h
SEE THE MAN PAGE (http://nmap.org/ncrack/man.html) FOR MORE OPTIONS AND EXAMPLES
```

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=v1.11.0-0`

## Additional Chart Configurations
### Ncrack Deployment & Configuration

#### Password encryption

Because **Ncrack** findings are very sensitive, you probably don't want every *secureCodeBox* user to see them. In order
to address this issue we provide an option that lets you encrypt found passwords with public key crypto. Just
generate a key pair with openssl:

```bash
openssl genrsa -out key.pem 2048
openssl rsa -in key.pem -outform PEM -pubout -out public.pem
```

After you created the public key file you have to create a kubernetes secret from that
file:
```bash
  kubectl create secret generic --from-file="public.key=public.pem" <ncrack-secret-name>
```
Now you only need to set the value *encryptPasswords.existingSecret* to the
secrets name when installing the scanner

```bash
  helm install ncrack secureCodeBox/ncrack --set="encryptPasswords.existingSecret=<ncrack-secret-name>"
```

To decrypt a password from a finding use:

```bash
base64 encryptedPassword -d | openssl rsautl -decrypt -inkey key.pem -out decryptedPassword.txt
```

#### Setup with custom files:
If you want to use your own files within the Ncrack scan, you have to create a secret first:

```bash
kubectl create secret generic --from-file users.txt --from-file passwords.txt ncrack-lists
```

<b> IMPORTANT: Use an extra empty line at the end of your files, otherwise the last letter of the last line will be omitted (due to a bug in k8) </b>

Now we created a secret named "ncrack-lists".
Before we can use the files, we have to install the Ncrack ScanType:

```bash
cat <<EOF | helm install ncrack ./scanners/ncrack --values -
scanner:
  extraVolumes:
    - name: ncrack-lists
      secret:
        secretName: ncrack-lists
  extraVolumeMounts:
    - name: ncrack-lists
      mountPath: "/ncrack/"
EOF
```

This enables us now to refer to our files via `/ncrack/<file>` in the scan.yaml.

For a full example on how to configure Ncrack with your custom files against a ssh service, see the "dummy-ssh" example.

#### Basic setup (no files can be mounted):

The Ncrack ScanType can be deployed via helm:

```bash
helm upgrade --install ncrack secureCodeBox/ncrack
```

#### Delete Ncrack ScanType:

```bash
helm delete ncrack
```

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| cascadingRules.enabled | bool | `true` | Enables or disables the installation of the default cascading rules for this scanner |
| encryptPasswords.existingSecret | string | `nil` | secret name with a pem encoded rsa public key to encrypt identified passwords |
| encryptPasswords.key | string | `"public.key"` | name of the property in the secret with the pem encoded rsa public key |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Define imagePullSecrets when a private registry is used (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/) |
| parser.affinity | object | `{}` | Optional affinity settings that control how the parser job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/) |
| parser.env | list | `[]` | Optional environment variables mapped into each parseJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/) |
| parser.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images |
| parser.image.repository | string | `"docker.io/securecodebox/parser-ncrack"` | Parser image repository |
| parser.image.tag | string | defaults to the charts version | Parser image tag |
| parser.scopeLimiterAliases | object | `{}` | Optional finding aliases to be used in the scopeLimiter. |
| parser.tolerations | list | `[]` | Optional tolerations settings that control how the parser job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) |
| parser.ttlSecondsAfterFinished | string | `nil` | seconds after which the kubernetes job for the parser will be deleted. Requires the Kubernetes TTLAfterFinished controller: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished/ |
| scanner.activeDeadlineSeconds | string | `nil` | There are situations where you want to fail a scan Job after some amount of time. To do so, set activeDeadlineSeconds to define an active deadline (in seconds) when considering a scan Job as failed. (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#job-termination-and-cleanup) |
| scanner.affinity | object | `{}` | Optional affinity settings that control how the scanner job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/) |
| scanner.backoffLimit | int | 3 | There are situations where you want to fail a scan Job after some amount of retries due to a logical error in configuration etc. To do so, set backoffLimit to specify the number of retries before considering a scan Job as failed. (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#pod-backoff-failure-policy) |
| scanner.env | list | `[]` | Optional environment variables mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/) |
| scanner.extraContainers | list | `[]` | Optional additional Containers started with each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/) |
| scanner.extraVolumeMounts | list | `[]` | Optional VolumeMounts mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/) |
| scanner.extraVolumes | list | `[]` | Optional Volumes mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/) |
| scanner.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images |
| scanner.image.repository | string | `"docker.io/securecodebox/scanner-ncrack"` | Container Image to run the scan |
| scanner.image.tag | string | `nil` | defaults to the charts appVersion |
| scanner.nameAppend | string | `nil` | append a string to the default scantype name. |
| scanner.podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | Optional securityContext set on scanner pod (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) |
| scanner.resources | object | `{}` | CPU/memory resource requests/limits (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-memory-resource/, https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-cpu-resource/) |
| scanner.securityContext | object | `{"allowPrivilegeEscalation":false,"capabilities":{"drop":["all"]},"privileged":false,"readOnlyRootFilesystem":true,"runAsNonRoot":true}` | Optional securityContext set on scanner container (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) |
| scanner.securityContext.allowPrivilegeEscalation | bool | `false` | Ensure that users privileges cannot be escalated |
| scanner.securityContext.capabilities.drop[0] | string | `"all"` | This drops all linux privileges from the container. |
| scanner.securityContext.privileged | bool | `false` | Ensures that the scanner container is not run in privileged mode |
| scanner.securityContext.readOnlyRootFilesystem | bool | `true` | Prevents write access to the containers file system |
| scanner.securityContext.runAsNonRoot | bool | `true` | Enforces that the scanner image is run as a non root user |
| scanner.tolerations | list | `[]` | Optional tolerations settings that control how the scanner job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) |
| scanner.ttlSecondsAfterFinished | string | `nil` | seconds after which the kubernetes job for the scanner will be deleted. Requires the Kubernetes TTLAfterFinished controller: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished/ |

## License
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

Code of secureCodeBox is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0][scb-license].

[scb-owasp]: https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_secureCodeBox
[scb-docs]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-site]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-github]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/
[scb-twitter]: https://twitter.com/secureCodeBox
[scb-slack]: https://join.slack.com/t/securecodebox/shared_invite/enQtNDU3MTUyOTM0NTMwLTBjOWRjNjVkNGEyMjQ0ZGMyNDdlYTQxYWQ4MzNiNGY3MDMxNThkZjJmMzY2NDRhMTk3ZWM3OWFkYmY1YzUxNTU
[scb-license]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/blob/master/LICENSE
[Ncrack Website]: https://nmap.org/ncrack/
[Ncrack GitHub]: https://github.com/nmap/ncrack
[Ncrack Documentation]: https://nmap.org/ncrack/man.html

Commit message:

Add resources to parser configs in scanners helm charts
Signed-off-by: Jannik Hollenbach <jannik@hollenbach.de>

scanners/ncrack/README.md, after:

---
title: "Ncrack"
category: "scanner"
type: "Authentication"
state: "released"
appVersion: "0.7"
usecase: "Network authentication bruteforcing"
---

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: the secureCodeBox authors

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->
<!--
.: IMPORTANT! :.
--------------------------
This file is generated automatically with `helm-docs` based on the following template files:
- ./.helm-docs/templates.gotmpl (general template data for all charts)
- ./chart-folder/.helm-docs.gotmpl (chart specific template data)

Please be aware of that and apply your changes only within those template files instead of this file.
Otherwise your changes will be reverted/overwritten automatically due to the build process `./.github/workflows/helm-docs.yaml`
--------------------------
-->

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0"><img alt="License Apache-2.0" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/releases/latest"><img alt="GitHub release (latest SemVer)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?sort=semver"/></a>
  <a href="https://owasp.org/www-project-securecodebox/"><img alt="OWASP Lab Project" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OWASP-Lab%20Project-yellow"/></a>
  <a href="https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?repo=securecodebox"><img alt="Artifact HUB" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/securecodebox"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/"><img alt="GitHub Repo stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox?logo=GitHub"/></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/securecodebox"><img alt="Twitter Follower" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/securecodebox?style=flat&color=blue&logo=twitter"/></a>
</p>

## What is Ncrack?
Ncrack is a high-speed network authentication cracking tool. It was built to help companies secure their networks by proactively testing all their hosts and networking devices for poor passwords. Security professionals also rely on Ncrack when auditing their clients. Ncrack was designed using a modular approach, a command-line syntax similar to Nmap and a dynamic engine that can adapt its behaviour based on network feedback. It allows for rapid, yet reliable large-scale auditing of multiple hosts.

To learn more about the Ncrack scanner itself visit [Ncrack GitHub] or [Ncrack Website].

## Deployment
The ncrack chart can be deployed via helm:

```bash
# Install HelmChart (use -n to configure another namespace)
helm upgrade --install ncrack secureCodeBox/ncrack
```

## Scanner Configuration

The following security scan configuration example are based on the [Ncrack Documentation], please take a look at the original documentation for more configuration examples.

This options summary is printed when Ncrack is run with no arguments. It helps people remember the most common options, but is no substitute for the in-depth documentation in the rest of this manual.

```
Ncrack 0.7 ( http://ncrack.org )
Usage: ncrack [Options] {target and service specification}
TARGET SPECIFICATION:
  Can pass hostnames, IP addresses, networks, etc.
  Ex: scanme.nmap.org, microsoft.com/24, 192.168.0.1; 10.0.0-255.1-254
  -iX <inputfilename>: Input from Nmap's -oX XML output format
  -iN <inputfilename>: Input from Nmap's -oN Normal output format
  -iL <inputfilename>: Input from list of hosts/networks
  --exclude <host1[,host2][,host3],...>: Exclude hosts/networks
  --excludefile <exclude_file>: Exclude list from file
SERVICE SPECIFICATION:
  Can pass target specific services in <service>://target (standard) notation or
  using -p which will be applied to all hosts in non-standard notation.
  Service arguments can be specified to be host-specific, type of service-specific
  (-m) or global (-g). Ex: ssh://10.0.0.10,at=10,cl=30 -m ssh:at=50 -g cd=3000
  Ex2: ncrack -p ssh,ftp:3500,25 10.0.0.10 scanme.nmap.org google.com:80,ssl
  -p <service-list>: services will be applied to all non-standard notation hosts
  -m <service>:<options>: options will be applied to all services of this type
  -g <options>: options will be applied to every service globally
  Misc options:
    ssl: enable SSL over this service
    path <name>: used in modules like HTTP ('=' needs escaping if used)
    db <name>: used in modules like MongoDB to specify the database
    domain <name>: used in modules like WinRM to specify the domain
TIMING AND PERFORMANCE:
  Options which take <time> are in seconds, unless you append 'ms'
  (miliseconds), 'm' (minutes), or 'h' (hours) to the value (e.g. 30m).
  Service-specific options:
    cl (min connection limit): minimum number of concurrent parallel connections
    CL (max connection limit): maximum number of concurrent parallel connections
    at (authentication tries): authentication attempts per connection
    cd (connection delay): delay <time> between each connection initiation
    cr (connection retries): caps number of service connection attempts
    to (time-out): maximum cracking <time> for service, regardless of success so far
  -T<0-5>: Set timing template (higher is faster)
  --connection-limit <number>: threshold for total concurrent connections
  --stealthy-linear: try credentials using only one connection against each specified host
    until you hit the same host again. Overrides all other timing options.
AUTHENTICATION:
  -U <filename>: username file
  -P <filename>: password file
  --user <username_list>: comma-separated username list
  --pass <password_list>: comma-separated password list
  --passwords-first: Iterate password list for each username. Default is opposite.
  --pairwise: Choose usernames and passwords in pairs.
OUTPUT:
  -oN/-oX <file>: Output scan in normal and XML format, respectively, to the given filename.
  -oA <basename>: Output in the two major formats at once
  -v: Increase verbosity level (use twice or more for greater effect)
  -d[level]: Set or increase debugging level (Up to 10 is meaningful)
  --nsock-trace <level>: Set nsock trace level (Valid range: 0 - 10)
  --log-errors: Log errors/warnings to the normal-format output file
  --append-output: Append to rather than clobber specified output files
MISC:
  --resume <file>: Continue previously saved session
  --save <file>: Save restoration file with specific filename
  -f: quit cracking service after one found credential
  -6: Enable IPv6 cracking
  -sL or --list: only list hosts and services
  --datadir <dirname>: Specify custom Ncrack data file location
  --proxy <type://proxy:port>: Make connections via socks4, 4a, http.
  -V: Print version number
  -h: Print this help summary page.
MODULES:
  SSH, RDP, FTP, Telnet, HTTP(S), Wordpress, POP3(S), IMAP, CVS, SMB, VNC, SIP, Redis, PostgreSQL, MQTT, MySQL, MSSQL, MongoDB, Cassandra, WinRM, OWA, DICOM
EXAMPLES:
  ncrack -v --user root localhost:22
  ncrack -v -T5 https://192.168.0.1
  ncrack -v -iX ~/nmap.xml -g CL=5,to=1h
SEE THE MAN PAGE (http://nmap.org/ncrack/man.html) FOR MORE OPTIONS AND EXAMPLES
```

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=v1.11.0-0`

## Additional Chart Configurations
### Ncrack Deployment & Configuration

#### Password encryption

Because **Ncrack** findings are very sensitive, you probably don't want every *secureCodeBox* user to see them. In order
to address this issue we provide an option that lets you encrypt found passwords with public key crypto. Just
generate a key pair with openssl:

```bash
openssl genrsa -out key.pem 2048
openssl rsa -in key.pem -outform PEM -pubout -out public.pem
```

After you created the public key file you have to create a kubernetes secret from that
file:
```bash
  kubectl create secret generic --from-file="public.key=public.pem" <ncrack-secret-name>
```
Now you only need to set the value *encryptPasswords.existingSecret* to the
secrets name when installing the scanner

```bash
  helm install ncrack secureCodeBox/ncrack --set="encryptPasswords.existingSecret=<ncrack-secret-name>"
```

To decrypt a password from a finding use:

```bash
base64 encryptedPassword -d | openssl rsautl -decrypt -inkey key.pem -out decryptedPassword.txt
```

#### Setup with custom files:
If you want to use your own files within the Ncrack scan, you have to create a secret first:

```bash
kubectl create secret generic --from-file users.txt --from-file passwords.txt ncrack-lists
```

<b> IMPORTANT: Use an extra empty line at the end of your files, otherwise the last letter of the last line will be omitted (due to a bug in k8) </b>

Now we created a secret named "ncrack-lists".
Before we can use the files, we have to install the Ncrack ScanType:

```bash
cat <<EOF | helm install ncrack ./scanners/ncrack --values -
scanner:
  extraVolumes:
    - name: ncrack-lists
      secret:
        secretName: ncrack-lists
  extraVolumeMounts:
    - name: ncrack-lists
      mountPath: "/ncrack/"
EOF
```

This enables us now to refer to our files via `/ncrack/<file>` in the scan.yaml.

For a full example on how to configure Ncrack with your custom files against a ssh service, see the "dummy-ssh" example.

#### Basic setup (no files can be mounted):

The Ncrack ScanType can be deployed via helm:

```bash
helm upgrade --install ncrack secureCodeBox/ncrack
```

#### Delete Ncrack ScanType:

```bash
helm delete ncrack
```

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| cascadingRules.enabled | bool | `true` | Enables or disables the installation of the default cascading rules for this scanner |
| encryptPasswords.existingSecret | string | `nil` | secret name with a pem encoded rsa public key to encrypt identified passwords |
| encryptPasswords.key | string | `"public.key"` | name of the property in the secret with the pem encoded rsa public key |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Define imagePullSecrets when a private registry is used (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/) |
| parser.affinity | object | `{}` | Optional affinity settings that control how the parser job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/) |
| parser.env | list | `[]` | Optional environment variables mapped into each parseJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/) |
| parser.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images |
| parser.image.repository | string | `"docker.io/securecodebox/parser-ncrack"` | Parser image repository |
| parser.image.tag | string | defaults to the charts version | Parser image tag |
| parser.resources | object | { requests: { cpu: "200m", memory: "100Mi" }, limits: { cpu: "400m", memory: "200Mi" } } | Optional resources lets you control resource limits and requests for the parser container. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/ |
| parser.scopeLimiterAliases | object | `{}` | Optional finding aliases to be used in the scopeLimiter. |
| parser.tolerations | list | `[]` | Optional tolerations settings that control how the parser job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) |
| parser.ttlSecondsAfterFinished | string | `nil` | seconds after which the kubernetes job for the parser will be deleted. Requires the Kubernetes TTLAfterFinished controller: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished/ |
| scanner.activeDeadlineSeconds | string | `nil` | There are situations where you want to fail a scan Job after some amount of time. To do so, set activeDeadlineSeconds to define an active deadline (in seconds) when considering a scan Job as failed. (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#job-termination-and-cleanup) |
| scanner.affinity | object | `{}` | Optional affinity settings that control how the scanner job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/) |
| scanner.backoffLimit | int | 3 | There are situations where you want to fail a scan Job after some amount of retries due to a logical error in configuration etc. To do so, set backoffLimit to specify the number of retries before considering a scan Job as failed. (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#pod-backoff-failure-policy) |
| scanner.env | list | `[]` | Optional environment variables mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/) |
| scanner.extraContainers | list | `[]` | Optional additional Containers started with each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/) |
| scanner.extraVolumeMounts | list | `[]` | Optional VolumeMounts mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/) |
| scanner.extraVolumes | list | `[]` | Optional Volumes mapped into each scanJob (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/) |
| scanner.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images |
| scanner.image.repository | string | `"docker.io/securecodebox/scanner-ncrack"` | Container Image to run the scan |
| scanner.image.tag | string | `nil` | defaults to the charts appVersion |
| scanner.nameAppend | string | `nil` | append a string to the default scantype name. |
| scanner.podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | Optional securityContext set on scanner pod (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) |
| scanner.resources | object | `{}` | CPU/memory resource requests/limits (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-memory-resource/, https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-cpu-resource/) |
| scanner.securityContext | object | `{"allowPrivilegeEscalation":false,"capabilities":{"drop":["all"]},"privileged":false,"readOnlyRootFilesystem":true,"runAsNonRoot":true}` | Optional securityContext set on scanner container (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) |
| scanner.securityContext.allowPrivilegeEscalation | bool | `false` | Ensure that users privileges cannot be escalated |
| scanner.securityContext.capabilities.drop[0] | string | `"all"` | This drops all linux privileges from the container. |
| scanner.securityContext.privileged | bool | `false` | Ensures that the scanner container is not run in privileged mode |
| scanner.securityContext.readOnlyRootFilesystem | bool | `true` | Prevents write access to the containers file system |
| scanner.securityContext.runAsNonRoot | bool | `true` | Enforces that the scanner image is run as a non root user |
| scanner.tolerations | list | `[]` | Optional tolerations settings that control how the scanner job is scheduled (see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) |
| scanner.ttlSecondsAfterFinished | string | `nil` | seconds after which the kubernetes job for the scanner will be deleted. Requires the Kubernetes TTLAfterFinished controller: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished/ |

## License
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

Code of secureCodeBox is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0][scb-license].

[scb-owasp]: https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_secureCodeBox
[scb-docs]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-site]: https://www.securecodebox.io/
[scb-github]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/
[scb-twitter]: https://twitter.com/secureCodeBox
[scb-slack]: https://join.slack.com/t/securecodebox/shared_invite/enQtNDU3MTUyOTM0NTMwLTBjOWRjNjVkNGEyMjQ0ZGMyNDdlYTQxYWQ4MzNiNGY3MDMxNThkZjJmMzY2NDRhMTk3ZWM3OWFkYmY1YzUxNTU
[scb-license]: https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/blob/master/LICENSE
[Ncrack Website]: https://nmap.org/ncrack/
[Ncrack GitHub]: https://github.com/nmap/ncrack
[Ncrack Documentation]: https://nmap.org/ncrack/man.html
