docs/adr/adr_0012.md, before:

---
# SPDX-FileCopyrightText: the secureCodeBox authors
#
# SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

title: "ADR-0012: Cluster Wide Custom Resources"
sidebar_label: "ADR-0012"
---

# ADR-0012: Cluster Wide Custom Resources

| <!-- -->       | <!-- -->                                           |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| **Status**:    | OPEN                                               |
| **Date**:      | 2022-06-17                                         |
| **Author(s)**: | Jannik Hollenbach <jannik.hollenbach@iteratec.com> |

## Context

Currently all custom resources for the secureCodeBox are isolated into the namespace they are installed from. If you start a scan of type nmap in namespace `demo-one` you'll have to have the `ScanType` (and the corresponding `ParseDefinition` for nmap) nmap installed in `demo-one`. This is usually not a big issue as installing a `ScanType` is pretty easy (`helm install nmap secureCodeBox/nmap --namespace demo-one`).

If you then want to start other scans for other targets you might want to create another namespace `demo-two`. To run scans in `demo-two` you'll also have to install nmap in that namespace.

Another (possibly even more annoying) scenario with the need to have the `ScanType`s and `ParseDefinition`s installed in every namespace is apparent when looking at the Kubernetes AutoDiscovery. The AutoDiscovery automatically starts scans for resources (e.g. a ZAP Scan for http service, trivy scans for container images) it discovers in the individual namespaces. At the moment this only works properly if the namespace where the resource was discovered in has the correct `ScanType` installed.

## Prior Art

The [cert-manager](https://cert-manager.io/) project has a similar concept and has inspired part of the following document.
CertManager has two different `Custom Resource Definitions` for issuers: `Issuer` and `ClusterIssuer`, with `Issuer` being scoped to a single namespace and `ClusterIssuer` being cluster wide and available to every namespace in the cluster. See more on the cert-manager issuer docs: https://cert-manager.io/docs/concepts/issuer/

## Assumptions

This proposal aims to provide a solution which makes the secureCodeBox easier to use both in single and multi-tenant cluster.
For multi-tenant clusters, this proposal assumes that access to the cluster wide custom resources, proposed in this ADR, is locked down to be only accessible by cluster admins and not by everybody.

## Decision

In addition to the existing `ScanType`, `ParseDefinition`, `ScanCompletionHook` and `CascadingRule` the following additional cluster-wide scoped resource should be introduced: `ClusterScanType`, `ClusterParseDefinition`, `ClusterScanCompletionHook` and `ClusterCascadingRule`. The behavior of these is detailed in the following sections.

The CRD `Scan` and `ScheduledScan` don't require `ClusterWide` variants as they are tied directly to the execution of the scan jobs which are themselves tied to a namespace. They don't provide any service / re-usability to other secureCodeBox components (unlike the CRDs listed above).

### `ClusterScanType`

Other than being cluster scoped, `ClusterScanType`s are identical to the existing `ScanType` CRD.

When a new scan is started and the operator requires the scan job template, it should first look for `ScanType`s in the `Scan`s namespace matching the `Scan.spec.scanType` name configured in the scan. If that is not found the operator should look for `ClusterScanType`s with the same name.
No matter which one was picked, the `Job` for the scan always has to be started in the namespace of the `Scan`.

#### Issues with ConfigMap / Secret Mounts:

Some features of normal scanTypes will not function normally with ClusterScanTypes, especially mounting values from ConfigMaps / Secrets as files / environment variables into your containers as the ConfigMaps / Secrets are not existing in every namespace and there is no sensible way to roll them out with our helm chart.

When deploying cluster scans types you have to make sure that either:

1. All referenced ConfigMaps / Secrets exist in all namespaces. This will likely be done by a script / operator generating these configmaps and persisting them into every namespace
2. All dependencies to ConfigMaps / Secrets are removed from your scanTypes and either moved into the container image of the scanner, or are specified by an initContainer in the ScanType. The initContainer copies these files over to volumes shared with the scanner container. Some more references and discussions on ways to improve this in the future can be found in [ADR-0009: Architecture for pre-populating the file system of scanners"](./adr-0009)

### `ClusterParseDefinition`

Other than being cluster scoped, `ClusterParseDefinition`s are identical to the existing `ParseDefinition` CRD.

When a scan job has completed and the results need to be parsed, the operator should first look for `ParseDefinition`s in the `Scan`s namespace matching the `scantype.spec.extractResults.type` / `clusterscantype.spec.extractResults.type` name configured in the ScanType.
If that is not found the operator should look for `ClusterParseDefinition`s with the same name.
No matter which was picked the `Job` for the parser always has to be started in the namespace of the `Scan`.

### `ClusterCascadingRule`

Other than being cluster scoped, `ClusterCascadingRule`s are identical to the existing `CascadingRule` CRD.

When the cascading scans hook starts, the hook should fetch the list of both `CascadingRule`s and `ClusterCascadingRule`s and merge them together into one list. The list then gets evaluated against the scan just like it is now. All scans started from it have to be in the same namespace of the original `Scan`.

#### Deduplication of CascadingRules

One potential issue with CascadingRule and ClusterCascadingRule is that in contrast to ScanType and ParseDefinition both namespaced and cluster wide types are used. This can be problematic when both the namespace as well as the cluster level have similar / equal CascadingRule installed as this could lead to both producing the same scan which would then be executed twice.

Potential workarounds here would be to introduce an additional field to the CascadingRule spec which allows us to define a sort of "deduplication" / replacement mechanism.

### `ClusterScanCompletionHook`

`ClusterScanCompletionHook` behave mostly like their namespaced counterpart, when the parser completes, the operator fetches the list of ScanCompletionHooks from Scans namespace (respecting the hookSelector of the Scan) and the `ClusterScanCompletionHook`s (also respecting the hookSelector of the Scan (this might have to be discussed...)) are merged and ordered according to the respective priorities set on them.

The execution of the hooks is different to the current model, as there must be an additional setting on the `ClusterScanCompletionHook` called namespaceMode which allows users to configure to either run the hook in the same namespace as the scan it is getting executed for, or to provide a fixed namespace where all executions for this `ClusterScanCompletionHook` will be run in.

Example `ClusterScanCompletionHook` specs with this being set:

Example ClusterScanCompletionHook which gets executed inside the scans namespace:

```yaml
apiVersion: "execution.securecodebox.io/v1"
kind: ClusterScanCompletionHook
metadata:
  name: slack-notification
spec:
  type: ReadAndWrite
  image: "docker.io/securecodebox/notification"
```

Example ClusterScanCompletionHook which gets executed inside a fixed namespace:

```yaml
apiVersion: "execution.securecodebox.io/v1"
kind: ClusterScanCompletionHook
metadata:
  name: example-cluster-hook
spec:
  # spec.executionNamespace - would let you set a fixed namespace for the hook to get executed in
  executionNamespace: example-namespace-name
  type: ReadAndWrite
  image: "docker.io/securecodebox/notification"
```

This fixed namespace mode has been added to the `ClusterScanCompletionHook` but not for the `ClusterScanType` for the following reasons:

1. Hooks are usually used to interface with 3rd party systems which are often standardized for the entire company. Allowing to run them in a namespace separate from the individual teams / scans allows the hook to access these systems without having to distribute and thus potentially compromise the credentials for the 3rd party systems.
2. In contrast to scans, hooks usually do not need to send requests to the scanned applications. Scanning an app from outside its namespace opens up a lot of potential issues with network policies blocking inter network traffic between scanner and app. As the hooks only need to access the S3 bucket and the 3rd party system they are interfacing with, this is not an issue for hooks.

#### Potential Issues With the Fixed `executionNamespace` Mode

Can lead to conflicts between teams if a scan of "team 1" fails because of an error in the `ClusterScanCompletionHook` managed by a "central cluster team". Members of "team 1" will likely not even have access to the namespace the failing hooks run in and won't be able to debug / fix these issues by themselves.

## Changes to Existing Helm Charts

Existing charts for scanners and hooks should get a `clusterWide` boolean value which is `false` by default.
If set to `true` the scanner / hook should then be installed as cluster wide resources.

The following (not so) edge cases should be considered:

1. Scanners and Hooks with namespaced resources (config maps, e.g. amass, zap-advanced...) should also contain the `clusterWide` parameter, when installed with it the installation should fail with guidance and links to a (non scanner specific) doc site which details on how a namespaced ScanType can be adjusted to as a ClusterScanType, e.g. on how to set up a init container to compensate the missing ConfigMaps, see [Issues with ConfigMap / Secret Mounts](#issues-with-configmap--secret-mounts).
2. When a hook is installed in `clusterWide` mode and the `executionNamespace` being set (should be exposed as a value in all hook helm charts), the install should fail if the helm install namespace != `executionNamespace`. This should ensure that all namespaced resources (ConfigMaps, Secrets) are present in the `executionNamespace.`

## Consequences

tdb

Commit message:

Try to clarify point about config sync scripts / operators
Signed-off-by: Jannik Hollenbach <jannik.hollenbach@iteratec.com>

docs/adr/adr_0012.md, after:

---
# SPDX-FileCopyrightText: the secureCodeBox authors
#
# SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

title: "ADR-0012: Cluster Wide Custom Resources"
sidebar_label: "ADR-0012"
---

# ADR-0012: Cluster Wide Custom Resources

| <!-- -->       | <!-- -->                                           |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| **Status**:    | OPEN                                               |
| **Date**:      | 2022-06-17                                         |
| **Author(s)**: | Jannik Hollenbach <jannik.hollenbach@iteratec.com> |

## Context

Currently all custom resources for the secureCodeBox are isolated into the namespace they are installed from. If you start a scan of type nmap in namespace `demo-one` you'll have to have the `ScanType` (and the corresponding `ParseDefinition` for nmap) nmap installed in `demo-one`. This is usually not a big issue as installing a `ScanType` is pretty easy (`helm install nmap secureCodeBox/nmap --namespace demo-one`).

If you then want to start other scans for other targets you might want to create another namespace `demo-two`. To run scans in `demo-two` you'll also have to install nmap in that namespace.

Another (possibly even more annoying) scenario with the need to have the `ScanType`s and `ParseDefinition`s installed in every namespace is apparent when looking at the Kubernetes AutoDiscovery. The AutoDiscovery automatically starts scans for resources (e.g. a ZAP Scan for http service, trivy scans for container images) it discovers in the individual namespaces. At the moment this only works properly if the namespace where the resource was discovered in has the correct `ScanType` installed.

## Prior Art

The [cert-manager](https://cert-manager.io/) project has a similar concept and has inspired part of the following document.
CertManager has two different `Custom Resource Definitions` for issuers: `Issuer` and `ClusterIssuer`, with `Issuer` being scoped to a single namespace and `ClusterIssuer` being cluster wide and available to every namespace in the cluster. See more on the cert-manager issuer docs: https://cert-manager.io/docs/concepts/issuer/

## Assumptions

This proposal aims to provide a solution which makes the secureCodeBox easier to use both in single and multi-tenant cluster.
For multi-tenant clusters, this proposal assumes that access to the cluster wide custom resources, proposed in this ADR, is locked down to be only accessible by cluster admins and not by everybody.

## Decision

In addition to the existing `ScanType`, `ParseDefinition`, `ScanCompletionHook` and `CascadingRule` the following additional cluster-wide scoped resource should be introduced: `ClusterScanType`, `ClusterParseDefinition`, `ClusterScanCompletionHook` and `ClusterCascadingRule`. The behavior of these is detailed in the following sections.

The CRD `Scan` and `ScheduledScan` don't require `ClusterWide` variants as they are tied directly to the execution of the scan jobs which are themselves tied to a namespace. They don't provide any service / re-usability to other secureCodeBox components (unlike the CRDs listed above).

### `ClusterScanType`

Other than being cluster scoped, `ClusterScanType`s are identical to the existing `ScanType` CRD.

When a new scan is started and the operator requires the scan job template, it should first look for `ScanType`s in the `Scan`s namespace matching the `Scan.spec.scanType` name configured in the scan. If that is not found the operator should look for `ClusterScanType`s with the same name.
No matter which one was picked, the `Job` for the scan always has to be started in the namespace of the `Scan`.

#### Issues with ConfigMap / Secret Mounts:

Some features of normal scanTypes will not function normally with ClusterScanTypes, especially mounting values from ConfigMaps / Secrets as files / environment variables into your containers as the ConfigMaps / Secrets are not existing in every namespace and there is no sensible way to roll them out with our helm chart.

When deploying cluster scans types you have to make sure that either:

1. All referenced ConfigMaps / Secrets exist in all namespaces. This will likely be done by a script / operator generating these configmaps and persisting them into every namespace. These scripts and operator will likely differ greatly from user to user as the ConfigMaps and Secrets will likely have to be configured differently for every team (e.g. different access tokens used by scanners). If they should all be the same users can use third party tools like: the [Cluster Secret Operator](https://github.com/zakkg3/ClusterSecret) and similar to sync their configs across namespaces.
2. All dependencies to ConfigMaps / Secrets are removed from your scanTypes and either moved into the container image of the scanner, or are specified by an initContainer in the ScanType. The initContainer copies these files over to volumes shared with the scanner container. Some more references and discussions on ways to improve this in the future can be found in [ADR-0009: Architecture for pre-populating the file system of scanners"](./adr-0009)

### `ClusterParseDefinition`

Other than being cluster scoped, `ClusterParseDefinition`s are identical to the existing `ParseDefinition` CRD.

When a scan job has completed and the results need to be parsed, the operator should first look for `ParseDefinition`s in the `Scan`s namespace matching the `scantype.spec.extractResults.type` / `clusterscantype.spec.extractResults.type` name configured in the ScanType.
If that is not found the operator should look for `ClusterParseDefinition`s with the same name.
No matter which was picked the `Job` for the parser always has to be started in the namespace of the `Scan`.

### `ClusterCascadingRule`

Other than being cluster scoped, `ClusterCascadingRule`s are identical to the existing `CascadingRule` CRD.

When the cascading scans hook starts, the hook should fetch the list of both `CascadingRule`s and `ClusterCascadingRule`s and merge them together into one list. The list then gets evaluated against the scan just like it is now. All scans started from it have to be in the same namespace of the original `Scan`.

#### Deduplication of CascadingRules

One potential issue with CascadingRule and ClusterCascadingRule is that in contrast to ScanType and ParseDefinition both namespaced and cluster wide types are used. This can be problematic when both the namespace as well as the cluster level have similar / equal CascadingRule installed as this could lead to both producing the same scan which would then be executed twice.

Potential workarounds here would be to introduce an additional field to the CascadingRule spec which allows us to define a sort of "deduplication" / replacement mechanism.

### `ClusterScanCompletionHook`

`ClusterScanCompletionHook` behave mostly like their namespaced counterpart, when the parser completes, the operator fetches the list of ScanCompletionHooks from Scans namespace (respecting the hookSelector of the Scan) and the `ClusterScanCompletionHook`s (also respecting the hookSelector of the Scan (this might have to be discussed...)) are merged and ordered according to the respective priorities set on them.

The execution of the hooks is different to the current model, as there must be an additional setting on the `ClusterScanCompletionHook` called namespaceMode which allows users to configure to either run the hook in the same namespace as the scan it is getting executed for, or to provide a fixed namespace where all executions for this `ClusterScanCompletionHook` will be run in.

Example `ClusterScanCompletionHook` specs with this being set:

Example ClusterScanCompletionHook which gets executed inside the scans namespace:

```yaml
apiVersion: "execution.securecodebox.io/v1"
kind: ClusterScanCompletionHook
metadata:
  name: slack-notification
spec:
  type: ReadAndWrite
  image: "docker.io/securecodebox/notification"
```

Example ClusterScanCompletionHook which gets executed inside a fixed namespace:

```yaml
apiVersion: "execution.securecodebox.io/v1"
kind: ClusterScanCompletionHook
metadata:
  name: example-cluster-hook
spec:
  # spec.executionNamespace - would let you set a fixed namespace for the hook to get executed in
  executionNamespace: example-namespace-name
  type: ReadAndWrite
  image: "docker.io/securecodebox/notification"
```

This fixed namespace mode has been added to the `ClusterScanCompletionHook` but not for the `ClusterScanType` for the following reasons:

1. Hooks are usually used to interface with 3rd party systems which are often standardized for the entire company. Allowing to run them in a namespace separate from the individual teams / scans allows the hook to access these systems without having to distribute and thus potentially compromise the credentials for the 3rd party systems.
2. In contrast to scans, hooks usually do not need to send requests to the scanned applications. Scanning an app from outside its namespace opens up a lot of potential issues with network policies blocking inter network traffic between scanner and app. As the hooks only need to access the S3 bucket and the 3rd party system they are interfacing with, this is not an issue for hooks.

#### Potential Issues With the Fixed `executionNamespace` Mode

Can lead to conflicts between teams if a scan of "team 1" fails because of an error in the `ClusterScanCompletionHook` managed by a "central cluster team". Members of "team 1" will likely not even have access to the namespace the failing hooks run in and won't be able to debug / fix these issues by themselves.

## Changes to Existing Helm Charts

Existing charts for scanners and hooks should get a `clusterWide` boolean value which is `false` by default.
If set to `true` the scanner / hook should then be installed as cluster wide resources.

The following (not so) edge cases should be considered:

1. Scanners and Hooks with namespaced resources (config maps, e.g. amass, zap-advanced...) should also contain the `clusterWide` parameter, when installed with it the installation should fail with guidance and links to a (non scanner specific) doc site which details on how a namespaced ScanType can be adjusted to as a ClusterScanType, e.g. on how to set up a init container to compensate the missing ConfigMaps, see [Issues with ConfigMap / Secret Mounts](#issues-with-configmap--secret-mounts).
2. When a hook is installed in `clusterWide` mode and the `executionNamespace` being set (should be exposed as a value in all hook helm charts), the install should fail if the helm install namespace != `executionNamespace`. This should ensure that all namespaced resources (ConfigMaps, Secrets) are present in the `executionNamespace.`

## Consequences

tdb
