---
# SPDX-FileCopyrightText: the secureCodeBox authors
#
# SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

title: "ADR-0007: Proposal How to Mark Findings With Hashes to Find Duplicates"
sidebar_label: "ADR-0007"
---
# ADR-0007: Proposal How to Mark Findings With Hashes to Find Duplicates

| <!-- -->       | <!-- -->                                           |
|----------------|----------------------------------------------------|
| **Status**:    | PROPOSED                                           |
| **Date**:      | 2020-11-25                                         |
| **Author(s)**: | Sven Strittmatter <Sven.Strittmatter@iteratec.com> |

**NOTE**: The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be interpreted as described in [RFC 2119](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2119).

## Context

We need the possibility to find duplicate findings. One use case is that we want to accept a finding and want to ignore the same finding in the future.

### Assumptions

- The execution order of *hooks* is unspecified.
- The information if a finding’s hash is a duplicate MUST NOT be stored or maintained in the *SCB* S3 storage.
- The *SCB* MUST NOT remove findings: *read-write-hooks* may alter them, but never delete or filter them out.
  - Maybe a *read-hooks* MAY decide to not store a finding into an external system.

## Decision

- We generate a hash for each finding so we can compare findings by the hash and identify duplicates.
- This hash MUST be mutable and MAY be altered by *read-write-hooks* because we don’t want to introduce an exceptions to what a *read-write-hooks* can alter.
- The *parser* MUST generate the initial hash of a finding from some of it’s attributes (e.g. name, lication, category …).
  - Each *scanner* MUST define a default set of attributes used for the hashing.
  - This set of hashed attributes MAY be overwritten.
- Each *read-write-hooks* MUST update the hash as last step because the *hook* MAY changed a hashed attribute.

We implement the hashing step in the *parser* first with feature flag to evaluate this proposal.

## Consequences

- We don’t need to introduce an ordering for the *read-write-hooks*.
- The duplicate detection/handling MUST be done in another service with its own data storage. This is because we have no stable hash until the *read-hooks* will be executed and these MUST NOT alter the data in *SCB* itself. But the *read-hooks* MAY decide to not store data into an external system.
