---
# SPDX-FileCopyrightText: the secureCodeBox authors
#
# SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

title: "ADR-0018: Spaces in File Names Are Not Allowed"
sidebar_label: "ADR-0018"
---
# ADR-0018: Spaces in File Names Are Not Allowed

| <!-- -->       | <!-- -->                                           |
|----------------|----------------------------------------------------|
| **Status**:    | ACCEPTED                                           |
| **Date**:      | 2022-09-20                                         |
| **Author(s)**: | Sven Strittmatter <sven.strittmatter@iteratec.com> |

## Context

We have the [issue](https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/issues/1353) that most of our [make][gnu-make] targets fail, if this repository working copy is cloned into a file location which contains white spaces in its file path.

We chose [make][gnu-make] as build tool because of its maturity and capabilities, but it lacks one essential feature: Handling of white spaces in paths. Of course, it is possible to escape paths, but this has only an effect to paths passed as string to a make target's command which will be evaluated by the shell. [Make][gnu-make] itself ignores such escaping which leads to bugs especially in constructs such as:

```makefile
@for chart in $(HOOKS_CHART_LIST); do \
  $(BIN_DIR)/generate-helm-docs.sh --hook $${chart} $(HELM_DOCS_DIR); \
done
```

### Problem

The for-construct of shell does word splitting on any whitespace, not only newline. We assume lists of directories delimited by newlines. We heavily rely on looping subdirectories with such loops to build our modules (scanners, hooks etc.). Using a different sentinel character (e.g. `:`) is not a possible fix because setting `IFS` in the `Makefile` has no effect on word splitting, even for while-read loops. 

### Solutions

1. To fix this we need to extract all of these loop constructs into shell scripts (like `bin/npm-ci-all.sh` for the `npm-ci-all` target). That's lot of work and counteracts the sense of [make][gnu-make].
2. Use another build tool which can deal with this will also result in a lot of work. We just did this to use [make][gnu-make]. Luckily we cleaned up lot of things, so this may take less effort than the migration to [make][gnu-make].
3. Simply forbid white spaces in file names.

## Decision

We decided to simply forbid white spaces in file paths. If one clones the repository to a location with white spaces in the path we exit make with an error message.

## Consequences

- We must not use white spaces for filenames in our repository.
- Windows users will possibly have a slightly worse user experience.
- Someone who can't freely modify or change the target path for his working copy can't make the secureCodeBox.  

[gnu-make]: https://www.gnu.org/software/make/
