<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: the secureCodeBox authors

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->

# ADR-0008: Drop the Former Decision To Provide Versioned Documentation

| <!-- -->       | <!-- --> |
|----------------|----------|
| **Status**:    | ACCEPTED (will SUPERSEDES [ADR-0006](adr_0006.md)) |
| **Date**:      | 2021-07-15 |
| **Author(s)**: | Sven Strittmatter <sven.strittmatter@iteratec.com> |

## Context

In [ADR-0006](adr_0006.md) we decided to provide and maintain versions according to the major and minor versions of the _secureCodeBox_. Until now we never respected this decision on only provided a HEAD revision of the documentation. Since we have the plan to to a major breaking update to the _secureCodeBox_ we have the urge to decide if we want to version our documentation or not because we **must** make breaking changes to the documentation, so that it will not match older versions of _secureCodeBox_.

## Decision

**We do not provide any versions of the documentation!**

But we tag the documentation repository for **major version increments**, so that one looking for older documentation can checkout an older version.

### Justification

- We do not want to invest the work to maintain more than the current version of the documentation.
- We do not want to encourage our customers to **not upgrading** _secureCodeBox_.
- We do not want to confuse our customers with old documentation maybe linked somewhere or preferred in search results.

## Consequences

- Someone using an old major version will have incompatible documentation. We strongly advise them to update always to the latest version.
- Someone using an old minor version will have features documented not available. We strongly advise them to update always to the latest version.
- We need to introduce a development branch to ensure that breaking changes are not visible on the site as long as it is not merged in the dev repository
